Elizabeth the I was Queen of England for 45 years during the late 1500s.
Her nickname was the Virgin Queen.
The Queen was highly intelligent and fluent in six different languages.
Despite countless marriage offers, Queen Elizabeth never took a husband.
She was the equal of any King and claimed she was married to her kingdom.
It has strangely been suggested that Queen Elizabeth was a man.
Many people would dismiss such a theory as sexist twaddle.
Not according to author Bram Stoker.
The man who wrote Dracula in 1897 first stumbled across the theory in the village of Bisley, England.
Every May Day, their village May Queen dresses as a boy in Elizabethan clothing.
Stoker decided to investigate the curious tradition further.
The villagers believe a young Elizabeth was sent to Bisley in 1543 to avoid the plague.
One day, Henry VIII planned to visit his child, and then disaster struck.
According to the theory, Elizabeth became sick and died.
Fearing the King’s reaction, Elizabeth’s Governess took matters into her own hands.
She looked high and low for a girl of Elizabeth’s age to replace her.
She could find no girls, but there was a boy who strongly resembled Elizabeth.
The boy was quickly dressed in Elizabeth’s clothes before King Henry’s arrival.
To everyone’s surprise, the plan went off without a hitch.
Perhaps because Elizabeth was notoriously shy around the King, he did not notice anything different about her.
The few people who knew about the deception faced a problem.
If the King ever found out, it would cost them their lives.
They decided the truth was best buried.
The real Elizabeth was hidden in a stone coffin, and a small boy was condemned to live a terrible lie.
Over 300 years later, the body of a young girl in Elizabethan dress was found in Bisley.
It was accidentally discovered during building work.
Stoker firmly believed that the buried girl was Elizabeth and the later Queen Elizabeth was actually a man.
His theory didn’t stop with the story he found in Bisley.
Queen Elizabeth refused to conform to the expectations of what a woman should be.
She was subservient to no man and ruled with an iron will.
Her rousing speech to the troops at Tilbury before defeating the Spanish Armada in 1588 is a shining example.
Elizabeth declared,  I know I have the body of a weak, feeble woman, but I have the heart and stomach of a king.
Elizabeth’s tutor, Roger Ascham, declared her too clever to be a woman.
He wrote, The constitution of her mind is exempt from female weakness.
Was Queen Elizabeth a man? Or is it sexist hogwash?.
The age in which Elizabeth lived expected women to know their place.
It also expected them to marry and bear children.
Elizabeth did neither.
Queen Elizabeth I continues to enjoy a cast-iron reputation as a fair and popular ruler.
Under her rule, the arts and science blossomed, and England knew a longstanding peace.
She became the most powerful woman in the country.
Yet, she was still subject to gender stereotypes.
Read More: The Secret of the Virgin King: Was Queen Elizabeth I really a man?.
Andrew Carnegie arrived in America as a penniless 13-year-old.
He was a stranger in a strange land.
As an immigrant, the odds were stacked against him.
Through hard work and self-belief, Carnegie would become the richest man in the world.
He left a mixed legacy as one of the world’s greatest philanthropists and a ruthless businessman.
The boy from Scotland was born in 1835 into poverty.
Faced with starvation or emigration, his family chose the latter.
They borrowed their travel expenses and headed to the USA.
The sea journey wasn’t for the fainthearted.
Already showing the work ethic he would become famous for, Carnegie began to work odd jobs on the ship.
In the new country, Carnegie got a job in a textile mill.
For one dollar and twenty cents per week, the young man worked like a mule.
He would later remember, In the work itself I took no pleasure; but the cloud had a silver lining.
I was doing something for my family.
I have made millions since, but none of those millions gave me such happiness as my first week’s earnings.
I was now a breadwinner.
While working, Carnegie attended night school.
At the age of 18, he began working for the Pennsylvania Railroad Company.
In six years he became the company’s superintendent.
He shrewdly invested his wages in bridges, iron mills, locomotives, and oil fields.
At the age of thirty, he left the railroad industry and began building his steel business.
In December 1868, a 33-year-old Carnegie had a net worth of $400,000.
This was enough money for a lifetime.
He promised that he would give any future fortune away to charity.
By the time of his death in 1919, Carnegie had given away $5 billion in today’s money.
The age in which Carnegie lived was ruthlessly competitive.
It was dog eat dog.
Carnegie was both a philanthropist and a tough employer.
By 1892, advances in technology left many of his workers worried about losing their jobs.
On June 30th of that year, they went on an unsuccessful strike.
After a long and bloody battle, Carnegie won.
Three hundred agents of the Pinkerton security company hired by Carnegie to break the strike killed seven employees and injured hundreds in the process.
Carnegie was publicly in favor of labor unions.
He once said, No steel mill was worth a single drop of blood.
 The bloody strike made a mockery of his words.
In 1901, Carnegie sold his steel company to J.Morgan for 480 million dollars.
He used the money to fund peace organizations and to build universities, museums, and libraries.
Carnegie once said, The man who dies rich, dies disgraced.
Carnegie spent his latter years striving to prove that point.
Irena Sendler smuggled children in boxes, suitcases, and caskets, saving the lives of more than 2,500 Jewish children.
During World War II, she watched in horror as the Nazis forced Jewish people to live in a ghetto in Warsaw, Poland, where disease ran rampant.
Soon, it became clear that the Nazis intended to exterminate the Jews.
That’s when Sendler took courageous action.
To gain access to the ghetto, she pretended to be a nurse.
She used a fake I and told German soldiers she was there to deliver supplies and care for the sick.
In 1942, she asked ten close friends to help her save as many children as she could.
What she was asking of her friends was punishable by death.
Even so, her group grew to 25 people who were willing to risk life and limb for the cause.
They hid the children in boxes, suitcases, and even caskets before making their escape.
To stop them from crying, they gave them a sedative.
If they did wake up and cry, Sendler had trained her dog to bark to distract the Nazis from their cries.
The children were transported through secret passageways, basements, and even through the sewage system.
After they escaped the ghetto, most of the children were given Roman Catholic names and taken into orphanages.
Sendler recorded every single one of their real names and placed it in a glass jar, which she buried in a friend’s garden.
She hoped one day to reunite the children with their birth parents.
By 1943, the Nazis had begun to catch on to Sendler’s smuggling.
She was captured and tortured, but she refused to reveal a single name.
Even after her legs and feet were broken, she would not say who she was working with or which children she’d smuggled out.
She was sent to prison, where she continued to rebel against the Nazis by poking holes in their underwear while she folded laundry.
Finally, after a brutal beating, Sendler’s luck changed.
One of her guards had accepted a bribe for the release of Sendler.
He added her name to a list of executed people and then let her go.
She went into hiding but continued to work under the radar.
She saved 500 more Polish Jews, one of whom she later married.
When the war ended, Sendler unearthed the jar of names.
She tried to reunite the children she’d rescued with their families, but it was difficult because most of the families had perished.
But thanks to Sendler, more than 2,500 children were saved, many of whom were adopted by other families.
WWII Savior Of Young Jews.Irena Sendler, Lifeline To Young Jews, Is Dead At 98.
In 1922, archeologist Howard Carter found the tomb of King Tutankhamun, the boy king, also known as King Tut.
In 1907, Lord Carnarvon hired Carter to search the burial tombs of Egypt for dead nobles.
For 16 years, Carter hunted for archeological mysteries.
His long search was fruitless.
Carter became obsessed with finding the tomb of the forgotten dead king.
His patience paid off.
On November 4th, 1922, he discovered a step that had been cut into a rock.
The step led to 16 stairs.
The stairs led to a sealed door covered in royal designs.
An excited Carter immediately sent word to Lord Carnarvon.
Three weeks later, the two men went down the steps together.
Workmen removed the sealed door.
Behind that door were things that no one had seen in 3,300 years.
King Tut’s burial chamber was stuffed with treasure beyond imagining.
Its discovery would make household names of Carter and Carnarvon.
It would also make a legend of the forgotten boy-king who died at age 18.
Amongst the treasure was the royal Egyptian mummy in his elaborate coffin.
His face was hidden by a mask made from gold.
Some say something else was in that dark and secret tomb: A terrible curse for anyone who violated King Tut’s final resting place.
Can there be any truth in such a superstition?.
In March of the next year, Lord Carnarvon was bitten by a mosquito.
The British aristocrat made the bite worse while shaving.
Shortly after, he died of blood poisoning.
His dog was said to have died the same time his master kicked the bucket.
A member of Carter’s excavation team died of arsenic poisoning.
And a rich American who visited the tomb died of pneumonia shortly after.
People involved with the tomb were dropping like flies.
The creator of Sherlock Holmes, Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, called it the ‘curse of the mummy.’ 
The curse of King Tut was born.
Critics say if such a curse exists, why was Carter spared? 
The famous archeologist didn’t die until 1939 at the age of 64.
They also say that Lord Carnarvon was chronically ill before he entered the tomb.
Despite this, the curse of King Tut has become equally as famous as the archeological discovery.
In 1982, San Francisco police lieutenant George LaBrash suffered a stroke while guarding the ancient mask of King Tut.
LaBrash sued the authorities.
He believed he was a victim of the pharaoh’s curse.
LaBrash said, I firmly believe that King Tut’s curse is as good an explanation for what has happened to me as any. 
The police officer was unsuccessful in his lawsuit.
Did Carter and Carnarvon really unearth a terrible curse, or is it nothing more than a series of coincidences?.
Digging up trouble: beware the curse of King Tutankhamun.
Daniel Tammet was born in London.
His mother spoke English, and he grew up in an English-speaking environment.
Yet, to his ears, the English language was an alien language.
Words and sentences were a puzzle the young boy could not figure out.
Daniel was an autistic savant.
He was a self-confessed misfit in a world of words.
He was also a mathematical genius.
Daniel felt, thought, and dreamed in a private language of numbers.
Daniel remembers receiving a book on counting when he was four.
Where others saw numbers, he saw images.
To Daniel’s mind, each number had a shape, a color, and a texture of its own.
Neurologists call this condition synesthesia.
For example, 89 meant ‘snow’ to Daniel, and the number six meant ‘sadness.
Daniel explained, When I multiply numbers together, I see two shapes.
The image starts to change and evolve, and a third shape emerges.
Daniel’s language was unique, but he had no way of sharing it.
The young boy felt isolated from the other children at school.
He felt intimidated by their strange language.
Daniel didn’t know how to connect with other children.
He said, We spoke differently, thought differently.
The other children hadn’t the faintest idea (how could they?).
I didn’t dare approach them and attempt to strike up a conversation.
Besides, I did not know what a conversation sounded like.
While the other children played football, Daniel would stand and count the leaves on trees.
Friendless and frustrated, Daniel hatched a plan.
He would master the English language through his talent for numbers.
He began reading non-stop.
Daniel made lists of words according to their shape, texture, and number.
Some words such as gobble, cupboard, and cabbage were round, like the number three.
Other words such as jacket, wife, and quick were pointy, like the number four.
And words such as kingdom, shoemaker, and surrounded were shimmering to Daniel.
Daniel eventually mastered the English language.
By the time he left school, he was fluent in French and German as well.
He has since written a best-selling book about his trials and tribulations.
Daniel is now creating his own language.
It’s called Mänti.
Its influences are the vowel and image-rich languages of northern Europe.
From struggling to learn languages, Daniel can now learn new languages in record time.
He used his mastery of numbers to master languages.
He is now fluent in over ten different languages.
Yet he still loves numbers.
It sounds silly, but numbers are my friends, he said.
Numbers helped Daniel make sense of the world.
But it was language which gave him the tools to share those beautiful insights.
A Genius Explains.
Daniel Tammet: Why Autism Is No Bar To Becoming A Bestselling Author.
Everything goes black.
Tricia Kennedy thinks she is dead.
It feels peaceful until the pain sets in.
Then, it is excruciating.
The noise is deafening.
The light is blinding.
She realizes that she has been shot in the head.
Kennedy was in a shooting competition when a bullet accidentally hit her.
Luckily, a nurse was nearby and ran to her aid.
Kennedy’s heart rate was dangerously high, and the nurse told her, You must breathe.
You are going into shock, and we’re going to lose you.
The word breathe stuck in Kennedy’s frazzled mind.
A year and a half earlier, she took a class on pistols.
Her teacher taught her a 4-step technique called combat breathing.
Breathe in through your nose for a count of four.
Hold your breath for a count of four.
Exhale through your mouth for a count of four.
And then hold your breath again for a count of four.
With her life on the line, her training took over.
Slowing her breathing down increased the oxygen in her body and saved her life.
Breath has been linked to well-being for a very long time, and not just because we need oxygen to survive.
Pranayama, for example, is a Hindu breathing technique used to increase the vital energy of the body and mind.
The benefits of this ancient practice have long been known, but Western science is just now catching up.
Scientists at Northwestern University recently found that the rhythm of your breath enhances emotional judgment and memory recall.
Interestingly, these effects only happened when inhaling through the nose.
Exhaling and breathing through the mouth did not have the same effect.
In other words, how we breathe is important.
Breathing techniques have also helped people deal with past trauma.
Soldiers suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) are usually treated with medication, but the recovery rates are low.
One study on the effects of yoga and breathing practices in veterans had impressive results.
PTSD, anxiety, and insomnia decreased significantly in just one week! These improvements were still present a year later, leading some to believe that the change would be permanent.
Breathing is a wonderful thing.
It keeps us alive, and we do it without practice, thinking, or effort.
But when we apply focus and attention to the breath, we shine a light on the mind-body connection and tap into our body’s natural ability to heal.
3 Most Effective Pranayamas – Deep Breathing Exercises.
How you breathe affects memory and fear.
When Breath Saves Life.
How Combat Breathing Saved My Life.
Rhythm of Breathing Affects Memory and Fear.
Ludwig van Beethoven was one of the greatest composers of all time.
Yet by the time he was writing his last few masterpieces, he was completely deaf.
Beethoven wasn’t born deaf.
He gradually lost all his hearing from the age of 30 onwards.
He first had an inkling something was wrong when he began to hear buzzing noises in his ears.
He was only 26 at the time.
Beethoven kept his hearing problems a secret.
He believed the truth would ruin his blossoming career.
By the time he turned 30, Beethoven feared he was growing deaf.
He complained to a doctor that his hearing had grown weaker over the previous three years.
He explained he could not hear the high notes unless he was standing very close to the musicians.
Beethoven wrote, For two years, I have avoided almost all social gatherings.
It is impossible for me to say to people, ‘I am deaf.
’ If I belonged to any other profession it would be easier.
Fellow composer Ferdinand Ries recalled a turning point in Beethoven’s deafness.
During a walk in the country, the two musicians saw a shepherd playing a pipe.
Beethoven could see by his friend’s expression the shepherd was playing beautiful music.
All Beethoven could hear was the sound of silence.
The composer was no longer the same after the incident.
He had finally confronted and surrendered to his loss of hearing.
By the age of 44, Beethoven was almost completely deaf.
He could no longer hear other people’s voices or the sounds of his beloved countryside.
No one knows what exactly caused Beethoven’s deafness.
A range of causes has been blamed.
It could have been syphilis, lead poisoning, or typhus.
It could even have been the composer’s habit of burying his head in a bucket of ice water to stay awake.
Beethoven often blamed his deafness on a fall.
He also suggested gastrointestinal problems were the cause.
Whatever the reason, Beethoven refused to let his deafness conquer his passion.
He continued to write music.
Although he could no longer hear the music, he could still feel and imagine it.
Beethoven’s housekeepers recall watching him sit at the piano with a pencil in his mouth.
With the other end, he would touch the piano’s soundboard to feel the note’s vibration.
Beethoven wrote his famed Ninth Symphony without ever hearing a note of it.
Upon its premiere, Beethoven insisted upon conducting.
The orchestra hired another conductor to stand next to him.
The orchestra followed his lead instead of the man who had composed the piece.
When the music was over, the audience broke out into applause.
Beethoven didn’t hear any of it.
If Beethoven Was Completely Deaf, How Did He Compose Music?.
Hypnosis is a form of direct communication with the unconscious mind.
It is a valuable tool for raising self-awareness.
It can also help people change negative patterns of behavior.
It was accidentally invented by a man named Franz Anton Mesmer.
Mesmer belongs to a small group of people who have a verb named after them.
To ‘mesmerize’ means to capture the complete attention of someone.
Mesmer spent a lifetime trying to do exactly that.
Mesmer was born in Germany in 1734.
He graduated from the University of Vienna with honors in law and medicine.
Mesmer was a believer in Isaac Newton’s idea that the moon’s magnetic pull influenced the ocean’s tides.
Mesmer applied the same logic to the human body.
He coined the expression ‘animal magnetism.
Mesmer believed all living things possess a magnetic fluid.
This fluid, which he likened to electricity, was key to people’s well-being.
When the magnetic fluid was in harmony, people remained healthy.
When it was out of whack or blocked, people became ill.
Mesmer used magnets on his patients.
He believed they could remove blockages and allow for the free-flowing of the fluid.
Vienna’s elite society hailed the mesmeric treatment a great success.
It was the calm before the storm.
In 1777, his claim to cure blind piano prodigy Maria Theresia von Paradis was met with scorn.
Apparently, Paradis could see when Mesmer was in the room.
When he left, she became blind again.
This and reports of inappropriate touching forced Mesmer to flee to Paris in 1778.
The French welcomed him with open arms.
Soon, he had over 200 rich and sickly aristocrats queuing for his services every day.
Individual treatment became problematic, so Mesmer devised a simple solution – the baquet.
Mesmer claims to have personally magnetized this unusual contraption.
It consisted of a large wooden tub filled with iron, glass bottles, and water.
Patients would sit, holding hands in a circle around the baquet.
At the same time, Mesmer circled the room, dressed as a wizard.
The mainly female patients would erupt in violent fits or hysterical laughter.
Mesmer would then remove them to a separate crisis room for further treatment.
This procedure was greeted with raised eyebrows.
In 1784, King Louis XVI – whose wife, Marie Antoinette, was one of Mesmer’s patients – took action.
He ordered a commission to examine the medical man’s methods.
The commission said there was no such thing as magnetic fluid.
Mesmer left Paris with his tail between his legs.
He wandered Europe as an exile for the rest of his life and died in 1815.
Mesmer’s theories of magnetic fluid may have been mystical mumbo-jumbo.
Yet many patients still said his techniques were a success.
By accident or design, Mesmer used suggestive mental states for positive outcomes.
By addressing the unconscious mind, he cured his patients of psychological ailments.
It was simply hypnosis by another name.
Franz Anton Mesmer, the Man Who Invented Hypnotism.
At the tender age of five, Ryan Hammons told his mother that he remembered being someone else.
He recalled traveling the world, marrying five women, dancing on Broadway, and becoming a successful Hollywood agent.
He started opening up to his mother, Cyndi, about his previous life.
He even asked his mother to take him home to Hollywood.
His stories were so specific his mother decided that there had to be something to them.
Even though she was Christian, she began to consider the possibility of reincarnation.
Cyndi kept Ryan’s stories secret for fear that people would think he was loopy.
But she wanted to understand her son’s memories.
So, she started looking through books about Hollywood.
It was in one of these books that Ryan pointed to a man in an image from an old movie.
He excitedly said, That’s me.
That’s who I was.
Shocked, Cyndi went to Dr.
Tucker is a professor and child psychologist at the University of Virginia School of Medicine.
He has spent much of his career studying children who have memories of past lives.
Tucker, with the help of a film archivist, discovered the name of the extra who Ryan had pointed to.
His name was Marty Martyn, and he was a successful Hollywood agent who’d had five wives, traveled, and danced on Broadway.
After further research, a list of 55 of Ryan’s memories, including the street Marty Martyn lived on, were proven accurate.
Ryan is one of many children with past life memories.
Tucker’s team has studied over 2,500 such cases.
Researchers have found that traumatic deaths seem to create an emotional imprint in the next life, which makes it more likely that a child will remember.
And it can also have a psychological impact.
For example, those who drowned in a past life may have an irrational fear of water.
Buddhists and Hindus, among others, believe in reincarnation.
Although Western culture has typically dismissed it, it is beginning to gain a small foothold.
In fact, some therapists have begun practicing past life regression.
They believe it helps patients heal by remembering and sometimes resolving traumas from past lives.
Even many skeptics say that these sessions provide them with interesting perspectives, which help them to deal with issues in their lives.
While reincarnation might not be the only explanation, there is growing evidence that something strange is happening.
Tucker reminds us, These cases demand an explanation.
We can’t just write them off or explain them away as just some sort of normal cultural thing.
‘Return To Life’: How some children have memories of reincarnation.
Ian Stevenson’s Case for the Afterlife: Are We ‘Skeptics’ Really Just Cynics?.
Charles Darwin, sometimes called the father of evolution, was actually a co-parent in the groundbreaking theory of evolution.
Interestingly, Darwin was influenced by a man called Alfred Russell Wallace, a follower of spiritualism.
Spiritualism is defined as a system of belief or religious practice based on supposed communication with the spirits of the dead….
Wallace was also a Welsh scientist and explorer.
He thought of the idea of evolution independently of Darwin.
They say lightning never strikes twice.
In this case, it did.
After a five-year voyage around the world, Darwin developed the theory of natural selection in 1838.
For 20 years, Darwin’s theory gathered dust.
It remained unshared and unresearched.
One day in 1858, Wallace came down with a fever.
In his sickness, the explorer had a crystal clear moment of clarity.
It dawned on him that species evolved following a set pattern.
The fittest survive because they adapt to their environment.
Wallace wrote his thoughts in a letter to another scientist he admired – Charles Darwin.
Encouraged by Wallace’s ideas, Darwin dusted off his old theory.
He published a joint paper with his fellow scientist in 1858.
It presented the theory of evolution and natural selection in detail.
In 1859, Darwin published the revolutionary theory in a book that would make him a household name.
Darwin was keen to emphasize Wallace’s role in his theory.
Wallace was not bitter about his fellow scientist’s success.
Instead, he publicly supported him and admitted to being his biggest fan.
In later life, the two scientists remained at loggerheads about one thorny topic: the issue of spirituality.
Both agreed that all living things evolve.
Yet, Wallace believed natural selection could not account for humanity’s greatest gifts.
He believed artistic, musical, and mathematical talent were products of the eternal soul.
Wallace’s belief in spiritualism caused great damage to his reputation.
Yet he marched to the beat of his own drum.
Wallace believed in what he called ‘the unseen universe of spirit.
’ Wallace felt this universe of spirit had created life and was responsible for our higher state of consciousness.
Wallace believed the survival of the fittest was the building block of life.
He also believed the development of the human spirit was the raison d’être of the universe.
Wallace was also a keen social activist.
He once wrote, Those who succeed in the race for wealth are by no means the best or the most intelligent.
Ironically, the theory of evolution is often used in support of atheism.
Until his dying day, Wallace remained an ardent defender of evolution.
He also left this life a committed spiritualist.
The man saw no contradiction between the two beliefs.
Who Was Alfred Russel Wallace?.
How The Man From Usk And Charles Darwin Agreed On Evolution But Fell Out Over ‘The Unseen Spirit Of The Universe’.
Creatures of all shapes and sizes have played a pivotal role in humanity’s history.
Animals such as dogs and horses have transformed the way we live and work.
Partially blind Mohammed Salim Patel has a phobia of dogs.
Yet, he needs help to navigate his way through his daily activities.
The BBC journalist will receive assistance from an eight-month-old miniature horse called Digby.
Digby will be serving in a role usually associated with guide dogs.
It’s not the first time another species has worked to help human beings.
Oysters are another creature which has been put to work helping humanity.
The magical mollusk has an amazing ability to filter out water pollution.
On the East Coast of America, they plant many oyster beds for that very reason.
And then there are the dolphins, which are in the employment of the U.
These aquatic mammals are trained to patrol the coast.
Their job is to identify, tag, and, in some instances, trap enemy divers.
These daring dolphins are also trained to sniff out explosives and mines.
Rats often get a bad rap for being disease-carrying vermin.
Yet, in war zones, these remarkable rodents are sometimes used to save lives.
Their keen sense of smell allows them to detect buried landmines.
And their small feet will not detonate the explosives.
In 20 minutes, the rats can clear an area of 2,000 square feet.
A human being would need four days to do the same task.
Hats off to the rat folks!.
Famed for its flexibility and fleetness of foot, the ferret has not gone unnoticed by the human eye.
The lightning-quick creatures have been used for over 50 years to lay electrical cables and, more recently, internet cables in hard-to-reach places.
Humans have long relied on the cooperation of other species to keep their place at the head of the table.
But will our position as top dogs in the pecking order be one day threatened? Will dogs and cats one day call the shots? In some cases, they already have.
In 1981, Bosco Ramos defeated two humans to win the mayoral election in the town of Sunol in California.
The dog served as mayor until his death in 1994.
A statue of Bosco now stands in front of the town’s Post Office.
Our feline friends also refuse to be outdone.
Stubbs the cat was honorary mayor of Talkeetna in Alaska for 20 years.
Rumors say he was ‘purrrfect’ for the position.
Utterly Bizarre Times Animals Have Been Given Jobs In The Human World.
Ziryab is known as the slave who changed the world.
His real name was Abul al-Hasan.
He was born in Persia in 789 AD.
He was nicknamed Ziryab, which means Blackbird, because of his dark complexion and the sweetness of his voice.
Ziryab was born into slavery and served the Caliph Harun al-Rashid in Baghdad.
Baghdad was the world center for culture, art, and science, and its ruler was a renowned music lover.
Ziryab was a trained musician and spent all his days learning the songs of his master.
One day, Harun summoned Ziryab to sing for him.
The caliph asked Ziryab what songs he could sing.
The songbird replied, I can sing what the other singers know.
Yet, if Your Majesty permits, I’ll sing for you what human ears have never heard before.
Ziryab greatly impressed Harun, but Ziryab’s music teacher, Ishaq, became fiercely jealous of his skill.
He gave him a terrible choice: leave Baghdad or die.
With money Ishaq gave him to disappear forever, Ziryab left Baghdad.
He traveled to the Middle East and North Africa.
There, he made a name for himself as a master musician.
His final destination was Spain, a place thought to be a backwater of the Arabic Empire.
The ruler of Cordoba, Al Hakam, was eager for the culture of the East to flourish in the Arabic Empire’s ‘Wild West.
’ When Ziryab offered his skills as a court musician, he was welcomed with open arms.
In Spain, Ziryab became a prosperous member of the upper class.
Throughout his time there, this former slave was responsible for introducing aspects of fashion, hygiene, music, and even culinary customs that we now take for granted.
Ziryab set the standard for the three-course meal.
He ate a soup course, followed by a fish or meat course, and then a dessert.
This style of eating became popular in Spain and throughout Europe.
It is now the dining standard all over the world.
Ziryab’s clothing and clean-shaven, short-haired appearance were also imitated by many European men, as was his habit of using an early form of toothpaste he created from scratch.
He was also said to have invented underarm deodorants.
From humble beginnings, Ziryab helped inspire Spain’s Golden Age.
As Cordoba’s prestige grew, Ziryab’s ideas took root all over Europe and changed history.
The next time you brush your teeth or raise a glass during a three-course meal, don’t forget to toast Ziryab, a former slave who made the world a more hygienic and civilized place to live.
Ziryab: A Forgotten Innovator of Music, Gastronomy and Style.
Ziryab – The slave who changed society but still remains anonymous in European History.
‘A rose by any other name would smell as sweet‘ is a common Shakespeare reference from Romeo and Juliet.
In the play, Juliet tells Romeo that his family name is not important.
Their love is what matters.
To many soon-to-be mothers and fathers, names do matter.
Young parents spend countless hours trying to find the perfect name for their baby.
Many research studies have fed the belief that names can affect children’s futures.
A 1948 Harvard study looked at 3,300 graduates and found a connection between their names and their academic performance.
Students with more common names were found to have done better in comparison to those with more unique names.
Similarly, a study looking at students at the University of Oxford found that people with certain names were much more likely to attend the elite school.
After controlling for name popularity, they found that a student named Eleanor was 100 times more likely to get accepted than a student named Jade.
Another study has shown that female company CEOs were also more likely to have common names, but male executives were more likely to have unique names.
Whether this is a case of people growing into expectations that society places on them or whether it’s a result of people discriminating against others with certain names isn’t clear.
Further studies have shown a connection between names, and who people marry, and even where they live.
Strangely, researchers have found a higher rate of marriage between people with similar-sounding names.
Another study found a higher rate of people named Virginia living in Virginia, Mildreds living in Milwaukee, Philips in Philadelphia, and Jacksons in Jacksonville.
Some psychologists think this is a form of egotism where people feel attracted to people and places with similar sounds to their own names.
While many parents have sweated over finding the perfect name, New Yorkers Dalton Conley and Natalie Jermijenko have bucked the trend.
When their daughter was born two months early, they found themselves still debating between a handful of names that started with the letter E.
Not being able to decide, they chose to just name her E until she was old enough to make the decision by herself.
At the age of 16, E hasn’t yet felt the need to change.
Her brother Yo Xing Heyno Augustus Eisner Alexander Weisner Knuckles has taken his parents up on the offer to change.
He chose to add Heyno and Knuckles at the age of just 4.
His parents, respecting his wishes, officially changed his name.
Dalton Conley says, I have been called a child abuser online….
I don’t think I’ve saddled them with some horrible burden.
They like the fact that they have unique names now.
Why Your Name Matters.
Does a baby’s name affect its chances in life?.
Twelve-year-old Georgi had been sleeping for nearly a year.
He had lost consciousness shortly after his family found out they would be kicked out of Sweden.
Georgi and his family are refugees.
Seven years before, they escaped religious persecution in their home country.
They had made a new home in Sweden.
Although Sweden is one of Europe’s most welcoming countries for refugees, it has become stricter.
When the official-looking letter arrived from the government, Georgi’s parents couldn’t read Swedish, so Georgi read it out loud to his entire family.
The letter said that the family would be deported.
That’s when things took a turn for the worse.
Georgi dropped the letter on the floor and went to bed.
He would remain in a mysterious, deep sleep for nearly a year.
His family tried everything to wake him.
And his friends and teacher visited him daily and wrote him letters.
Nothing worked.
Georgi wasn’t alone, and he wasn’t faking it.
He was wasting away.
Like many other refugee children facing deportation, a feeding tube was inserted down his throat to keep him alive.
In Sweden, in the early 2000s, many children whose families were being deported began to fall into a deep sleep.
By 2005, more than 400 children were affected, remaining in bed, sometimes for years.
Since then, many more have suffered, including Georgi.
Georgi’s doctor said, I think it is a form of protection, this coma they are in…They are like Snow White.
They just fall away from the world.
When the government heard about Georgi’s condition from his doctor, they allowed the family to stay put in Sweden.
Within two weeks of hearing the good news, Georgi began to wake up.
Though his recovery was arduous, he slowly learned to open his eyes, walk, and talk.
Within a few months, he was strong enough to start school again.
Georgi says he was completely unaware of the outside world during his months in bed.
He describes feeling as if he were in a glass box deep in the ocean.
He said he had to remain still and silent, or the glass would break, causing the water to rush in and kill him.
He says, Now I understand that it wasn’t real at all.
But, at that time, it was very difficult because every move could kill you.
I was living there.
Doctors remain baffled by the hundreds of sleeping refugee children that have only been found in Sweden.
So far, the only theory is that the children are so afraid to return to their home country, and they feel so helpless that they give up hope.
Basically, they lose the will to live.
And the only cure is being allowed to stay.
Read More: The Trauma of Facing Deportation Oscar-Nommed Film Looks At ‘Resignation Syndrome.
’ What Exactly Is It?.
As his ship passed by a lonely island, Odysseus heard beautiful voices singing a haunting melody.
It was a melody that could lure even the most seasoned sailors to wreck their ships on the rocky shores, trapping them forever.
Odysseus was warned about the dangers of the beautiful part-bird, part-human Sirens and their magical song, but he was curious.
Not wanting to be tempted away from his ship, he ordered his men to plug their ears with wax and tie him to the ship.
The song pulled at Odysseus’s heartstrings, and he fought to free himself.
He begged his men to untie him, but they stayed true to their word and kept him from losing himself to the Siren’s song.
His run-in with the Sirens was only one of many trials that the legendary Odysseus faced during his 10-year journey home.
Pitted against gods, monsters, and men, the one thing that kept him going through temptation and danger was nostalgia for home and family.
Nostalgia, or the longing for the past, is part of the human condition.
It was first observed in melancholy Swiss soldiers who were fighting far from home.
A medical student named Johannes Hofer saw that these homesick soldiers suffered from heart palpitations, loss of appetite, and anxiety.
This condition was often fatal, and the only cure was being sent home.
Hofer called it nostalgia, a combination of the word Nostos (Greek for homecoming) with Algos (Greek for pain).
In the past, nostalgia was considered a disease, but today, we think of nostalgia much differently.
Nostalgia is no longer merely homesickness.
For most people, nostalgia is a mixture of pleasant memories and a sense of loss.
Most people feel this bittersweet longing for the past at least once a week.
And nearly half experience it three or four times a week.
Psychology professor Dr.
Constantine Sedikides says that nostalgia counteracts loneliness, boredom, and anxiety.
That makes sense if you think about it.
Nostalgic memories are often positive ones of friends and family.
These memories give people a sense of belonging.
And anxiety decreases when a person has more optimism and faith, which nostalgia has also been shown to provide.
While too much nostalgia can lead to depression, in moderation, nostalgia does seem beneficial.
Perhaps most mysterious of all, nostalgia has been shown to make people feel physically warmer.
Researchers in the Netherlands and China have done experiments where participants reported feeling warmer after listening to nostalgic music.
So, the next time you are feeling cold or lonely, break out those CDs, cassettes, or records from high school.
It just might do you good.
What Is Nostalgia Good For?.
Mental Health in the 19th Century, When Soldiers Died of Homesickness.
Suffering from pain or inflammation? If you lived in the late 18th century, you might have found relief with Perkins Tractors.
They were sold as medical devices made from special materials but were actually just two simple metal rods made from steel and brass.
Elisha Perkins, the inventor of Perkins Tractors, said that the rods healed people by removing unhealthy electromagnetic fluids.
The Connecticut Medical Society said his invention was a sham, but Perkins found believers around the country.
The first president of the United States, George Washington, even bought a set of the expensive rods.
Perkins claimed to have cured 5,000 patients.
His invention soon spread to Europe.
British doctor John Haygarth was skeptical.
After Perkins’ death, he decided to put his invention to the test.
He made copies of the rods made from wood and tested them with five people suffering from joint and muscle pain.
Four out of five of them reported feeling better.
The next day, Haygarth tested the actual Perkins Tractors, and the results were the same.
Haygarth then said, Such is the wonderful force of the Imagination!.
Today, placebos are taken for granted.
Researchers regularly test new medicines against placebos, not because placebos don’t work, but because they do.
But how do they work? The placebo effect is sometimes defined as the effect of an inert pill, but Harvard researcher Ted Kaptchuk says that’s an oxymoron.
If something is inert, it has no effect.
Kaptchuk points out that the placebo effect is at play with real medicines, too.
When patients are given morphine without their knowledge, it is 50 percent less effective.
They need twice the amount of medicine to experience the same pain relief as someone who knows they are getting morphine.
Somehow, the experience of knowingly receiving the medicine makes it more effective.
He doesn’t believe that this boils down to simply the power of belief.
He says that a better way to think of placebos is the water that real medicine swims in.
This water includes rituals, symbols, and doctor-patient encounters.
Kaptchuk has been researching placebos for decades.
One thing that bothered him about placebos was tricking people.
In 2009, he took 80 patients with Irritable Bowel Syndrome and gave half of them a placebo and half of them no treatment at all.
Unlike most placebo research, he used no deception.
He made sure that the 40 placebo patients understood that they were not getting real medicine.
Despite this, the placebo patients reported improved symptoms.
When asked why a placebo can work even when people know it’s a placebo, Kaptchuk isn’t sure.
But he does say, This is deeper than, ‘I think I’m going to get better so I get better.
Why are placebos getting more effective?.
A radical new hypothesis in medicine: give patients drugs they know don’t work.
DNR stands for Do Not Resuscitate.
It is a legal order for doctors to withhold treatment in the case of heart or breathing failure.
In the US, 80% of people say that when facing a terminal illness, they would prefer to avoid aggressive life-saving treatment.
This number increases to nearly 90% among doctors.
This may be because doctors are more knowledgeable about the suffering and reduced quality of life after treatments such as CPR and electric shock.
Despite these high numbers, doctors regularly give these treatments unless there is an official DNR on file.
But what do they do when there is an unofficial DNR? Doctors at Jackson Hospital faced this dilemma when an unconscious patient was found to have a DNR tattoo on his chest.
It said, DO NOT RESUSCITATE with the ‘NOT’ underlined.
The elderly patient had no ID and a high blood alcohol level.
Aside from that and the tattoo, they had nothing to go on.
They couldn’t find any medical records and didn’t know if the tattoo was a joke or the man’s true wishes.
Holt, the physician on duty, said, We always kind of joked around about doing that.
A lot of physicians say, ‘Boy, I’m going to have that tattooed on my chest so everyone knows my status.
’ Then you see it and… holy crap.
If the tattoo were just a joke, it wouldn’t be the first time.
In another case, a doctor noticed the letters DNR tattooed on a man’s chest and asked him about it.
He said he got the tattoo because he lost a bet as a young man, and he didn’t think anyone would take it seriously.
In the case of the Miami man, Dr.
Holt and the other Jackson Hospital doctors weren’t so sure it was a joke.
The tattoo even included a signature.
Holt pointed out the placement of the tattoo on the chest was exactly the spot in which CPR treatment would be given.
There are a lot of rules for a legal DNR.
In Florida, there is even a rule about the color of paper that it needs to be on.
There’s nothing mentioned about tattoos.
Despite this, the doctors decided that the tattoo did probably represent the man’s true wishes and should be respected.
Nearly 2 hours after the decision had been made, an official DNR order on paper was found.
The man died the following morning.
Some would say it was a more peaceful and natural death.
Doctor Holt says of the man’s decision to get the tattoo, It also seemed that he didn’t trust that his end-of-life wishes would be conveyed appropriately.
So, to me, it means we need a better system.
Your Doctor Probably Has A DNR.
Hospital Thrown Into Panic Over Unconscious Man’s Tattoo Across His Chest.
When dying people look back on their lives, there are some common things they wish they had done differently.
Not having followed one’s dreams is one common regret.
Not having spent enough time with friends and family is another.
But one thing people seldom regret on their deathbed is not having worked enough or not having made enough money.
We all know there are more important things in life than the rat race, but that doesn’t stop us from spending much of our lives working too much.
Too much work not only causes mental stress; it hurts our physical health, too.
According to one study that looked at 43 years of data on homemakers, those who took fewer vacations were twice as likely to die of heart attacks.
Another study that looked at British civil servants found that those who worked more hours were twice as likely to suffer from depression.
Recognizing how detrimental overwork can be, some governments are cracking down.
According to the local law in one small town in France, bakers must close at least once a week.
Cedric Vaivre ignored the law and is now paying the price.
He has been fined 3,000 Euros.
Not everyone thinks Cedric is a workaholic, though.
Christian Branle, the mayor, says, You have to have a bit of common sense.
There’s no competition here.
Let people work in order to cater to visitors who expect the service.
 His customers also support him and have started a petition protesting his punishment.
On the other hand, union member Eric Scherrer says employment laws must be respected.
These people need to have a rest day each week.
We can’t just allow them to work non-stop.
It’s absolutely necessary that both bosses and employees have a day of rest.
On the other side of the world, Japanese company Taisei is selling a high-tech way of annoying people into stopping work.
For about $5,000 a month, Taisei will send flying drones into offices in search of employees who are working too much.
The drones will nag people to go home by blaring Auld Lang Syne, a song that is often played in Japanese stores at closing time.
They are also equipped with cameras to record the workaholics who refuse to go home.
Take a vacation, or die young.
French court fines baker for refusing to take a day off.
Japanese firm to use drone to force overtime staff to go home.
Christopher Columbus was a hero to some and a villain to others.
He was a brave explorer, but he also enslaved, murdered, and stole from native people across the Americas.
He first met the Arawak natives in the Bahamas in 1492.
They generously traded everything they owned.
Columbus saw this as a weakness.
He wrote in his journal, They brought us parrots and balls of cotton and spears and many other things.
They do not bear arms and do not know them.
They would make fine servants.
Eleven years later, Christopher Columbus was still taking advantage of the Arawak’s hospitality.
On his fourth and final voyage in 1503, Columbus found himself in dire straits.
Shipworms had destroyed two of his ships.
He was forced to abandon them and send the rest of his ships to an island we now know as Jamaica.
The Arawaks were initially keen to help Columbus.
They offered him and his sailors food and shelter.
However, after six months, tensions grew.
The ships had still not been repaired.
Some of Columbus’s crew had mutinied and started to run amok on the island, robbing and murdering some of the natives.
The Arawaks also grew tired of trading fresh food for Columbus’s trinkets.
They decided to burn their bridges with the visitors and cut off their food supply.
Faced with starvation, the crafty Columbus studied his almanac.
He learned that on the evening of Thursday, Feb.
29th, 1504, a total lunar eclipse would occur.
He met with the Arawak chief three days before the eclipse and said his Christian god was angry with the natives for no longer supplying his men with food.
He said in three nights time, his god would make the moon red with anger.
Just as Columbus said, the moon rose and slowly turned blood red as it passed into the shadow of the earth.
Columbus’s son Ferdinand said the Arawaks were terrified.
He wrote how they howled in fear and came running to the ships.
They screamed and begged Columbus to ask his god for mercy.
They promised they would cooperate with Columbus if he would turn the moon back to normal.
Columbus said he would talk privately with his god.
Columbus spent 50 minutes in his cabin calculating the end of the eclipse.
He reappeared and announced his god had forgiven the Arawaks.
Almost in the same instance, the moon slowly began to reappear in all its glory.
How a Total Lunar Eclipse Saved Christopher Columbus.
D’oh! French court fines baker for refusing to take a day off.
For a lot of people, our names are part of our identity.
It’s ingrained in our consciousness from early childhood.
We receive it from our parents, and we give it to our children.
For some people, our name defines us, but for one man, it’s merely a label, devoid of intrinsic value or emotional resonance.
Meet Jason Surfrapp, formerly known as Jason Sadler.
Jason says he never identified with the surname Sadler.
In fact, Sadler wasn’t even his original last name.
Throughout his childhood, his last name changed a number of times as his mother got remarried.
Jason took the last names of his father and later father figures, but he never felt they were part of his identity.
One thing that does define Jason is creativity.
In 2010, Jason launched a venture called iwearyourshirt.
At its core, it was a simple business with a simple idea.
He commodified his body as a human billboard.
Every day, he would wear a different t-shirt promoting a different company.
And every day, he would take pictures and videos of himself and post them on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, and other social media platforms.
Jason did this until 2013 and turned his humble T-shirt idea into a million-dollar business.
Yet, Jason’s entrepreneurial spirit didn’t stop at turning his body into a human billboard.
He decided to also sell his name.
In 2012, he held an auction offering to change his name for one year.
The highest bidder was headsets.
com, which paid him $45,000 for the privilege of renaming him as Jason Headsetsdotcom.
You might wonder what rationale would compel a company to pay him huge amounts of money to wear a t-shirt or change his name.
com, the company said that they increased revenue by a staggering $250,000 from the publicity they received from Jason’s name change promotion.
The next year, Jason did it again and sold his name to a company that makes a surfing application.
Jason Surfrapp was his new name.
Jason isn’t the only one to capitalize on changing his name for money.
In a noteworthy instance from 2005, the city of Clark, Texas, changed its name to Dish, Texas, after making a deal with the satellite TV company Dish.
In exchange for rebranding, all 201 residents of this small town receive complimentary satellite TV services.
How important is your name? If someone made you an offer you couldn’t refuse, would you jump at the chance?.
Read More: I’ll Be Your Billboard Marketing Deal Gives a Small Town an Identity Crisis.
The Covid-19 pandemic had not only caused grave human costs, but has also been a wake-up call for those who care to sit up and take notice.
It had laid bare the dystopian landscape underlying the sheen of robust economic growth and cultural progress.
Indeed, every community worldwide had to bear its brunt, but those underprepared, unheard and underfunded were less favourably disposed.
No wonder when the tragedy struck, its impact across the Global South was disproportionate and far-reaching.
A desperate call to preserve sustainable progress.
For more than 25 years, extreme poverty across the continents has been on a steady state of decline.
It had been an uphill battle for generations of activists, administrators and enlightened politicians.
However, the quest to end poverty suffered its worst setback due to the recent pandemic.
The World Bank estimates that the successive waves of Covid-19 can push an additional 150 million citizens under the poverty line by as early as late 2021.
This has been mainly due to our failure to drive inclusive development that can ensure the security and sustenance of all, even for India’s forgotten millions.
But back to India; there has been a drop of 8.7% in our per capita GDP in 2020-21.
Impact funding: A key to a sustainable future.
The country’s social impact programs that were traditionally driven as philanthropic initiatives, are slowly transitioning to far more organized, data and tech centric approaches.
The outcomes of such persistence are heartening.
The initiative’s success has reportedly inspired the leadership across other cities like Kanpur, Agra and Varanasi.
But here, there was a caveat, juxtaposing the achievement against a sharp rise in poverty in India in 2020.
It’s a reminder that the progress risks to set on a free fall unless bolstered with resources and policy actions to guide them.
Also, in late 2019, Standard Chartered estimated a $2.64 trillion investment gap to meet India’s commitment to the UN Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDG), a divergence that the pandemic had only widened.
Reimagining profitability.
Impact funding is based on an influential school of thought that seeks to couple financial materiality with the human and environmental cost of growth.
This method brings into the equation purpose-driven investments and intent for financial resources to push for transformative and measurable changes.
It brings investors, the government and business on the same page, bound by their singular commitment towards the environment and human values.
Considering the Indian context and how fast disruption can trip the balance, leaving its teeming millions vulnerable is a huge risk.
Impact funding with measurable socio-environmental outcomes seems to be the most practical vehicle to complement public finance or CSR funding in propelling the country’s growth.
The way forward.
Unlike mere philanthropy, impact funding is replete with possibilities.
In fact it can meet India’s sustainable development investment gap by creating economic opportunities to a tune of $ 1.
It includes $ 701.5 billion for clean energy, $ 226.5 billion for digital access, $ 176.9 billion for transport infrastructure, and $ 19.2 billion for clean water and sanitation.
However, to unlock its full potential, India’s Impact funding landscape needs transformative policy thrusts and greater collaboration across the sectoral continuum.
Today India’s legislature and executives are under an imperative to facilitate the free flow of capital.
Impact investment which calls for quantifiable metrics of achievement, use of tech and data will ensure transparency in reporting as well as equity in distribution of benefits.
But simultaneously, as impact funding gets gradually mainstreamed, India will have to equip herself with the necessary regulatory safeguards to prevent instances of greenwashing.
It will also ensure these efforts are reinforced through sustainable and meaningful community initiaitives, that do not just solve problems, but address the root-cause of the issue.
Creating real and sustainable transformation.
Considering that the UNSDGs are already in their last decade and the country of 1.36 billion can be on veritable inclusive developmental downslide, there needs to be an immediate consensus across sectors for the influx of impact funds into India’s economic systems.
And this needs to be for society in addition to climate action.
I can’t believe how I thought I knew about the first atomic bombs dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki in August 1945 until I watched Oppenheimer last August.
I mean, we have all heard and read about the event but the sheer horror of it, as shown in the film, hits you hard and leaves you literally speechless.
I guess, it’s one thing to read about nukes in the history textbooks, but seeing it depicted in a movie is entirely a different level of gut-wrenching experience.
Back then as a kid, I would just be wowed with shock looking at those horrifying images.
Climate change both fuels and is worsened by wars.
It’s not that wars only intensify the repercussions of climate change but the very effects of climate change fuel conflicts.
As per the latest Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), around 3.
The United Nations has found that over the last 60 years, at least 40% of all such conflicts have been linked to the exploitation of natural resources.
Natural resources, conflict, and environmental degradation: The connection.
As per the UN, since 1990, at least 18 violent conflicts have been fuelled by the exploitation of natural resources or scarce resources including diamonds, gold, oil, and water.
The link between environment, natural resources, and conflict is majorly seen in three ways:.
It does not matter whether you are miles or oceans apart from conflict zones.
Its occurrence and impact are inescapable—through newspapers, on TV, via social media.
The recurring pattern of ‘one conflict ending for another to begin’ remains constant in today’s world.
The relationship between wars and climate change forms a deeply intertwined cycle that will only intensify each other in the future.
The 5th day of COP28 has seen a flurry of financial pledges, with at least 40 different commitments made.
The positive highlight of the day is the impressive replenishment pledges for the Green Climate Fund, totalling $12.8 billion for its second replenishment.
In a surprising move, the loss & damage fund was launched, with a notable $655 million pledged so far, signalling a step forward in addressing the impacts of climate change.
However, a stark reality check persists, revealing that developing countries, excluding China, require at least $2.4 trillion in climate finance by 2030.
The economic crises affecting 54 countries have plunged them into a debt crisis, hindering their development and impeding the necessary transition to sustainable energy.
The quality and accessibility of the funds are also central to the debates, with concerns about the implementation of finance flows potentially favouring the Global North.
The question of who pays remains a critical issue, with the UAE standing out as a non-traditional contributor to the loss & damage fund and the Green Climate Fund.
Nevertheless, other wealthy developing countries, particularly those with substantial oil and gas profits, have yet to make significant contributions.
The refusal of Saudi Arabia, the world’s largest oil exporter, to agree to a phasedown/out of fossil fuels further complicates negotiations.
This stance sets the stage for challenging discussions in the remaining days of COP28, emphasizing the importance of finding common ground to address the pressing issue of climate finance.
In a related development, the UAE, despite hosting COP28, faces criticism for high air pollution levels driven by its fossil fuel industry.
Human Rights Watch warns that these pollution levels pose significant health risks to citizens and contribute to the global climate crisis.
As the COP28 talks continue, resolving the financial challenges surrounding climate change remains a complex and evolving process, requiring concerted efforts from nations worldwide.
The urgency of the matter is underscored by the need for tangible and equitable solutions to secure a sustainable future for all.
India, a nation grappling with both burgeoning economic growth and the stark realities of climate change, presents a unique and complex landscape for corporate climate finance.
While challenges abound, the potential for India to become a global leader in sustainable development is immense, fuelled by a burgeoning green finance ecosystem.
In November 2023, the Global Sustainable Investment Alliance (GSIA) published the sixth edition of the biennial Global Sustainable Investment Review (GSIR), finding that US$30.3 trillion is invested in sustainable assets globally.
Investors are increasingly looking to invest in companies with strong ESG practices.
Studies by BlackRock and MSCI show that companies with robust ESG strategies outperform their peers in the long run.
This shift in investor sentiment is driven by several factors.
Investors are becoming increasingly aware of the financial risks posed by climate change, such as extreme weather events, regulatory changes, and resource scarcity.
Growing demand for sustainable products and services as consumers demand more sustainable and eco-friendly products and services; putting pressure on companies to green their operations.
Evolving regulatory landscape.
Governments are implementing stricter regulations to address climate change, creating financial incentives for companies to decarbonize.
Companies are responding to these shifting tides by deploying various financial instruments to support their climate initiatives.
Carbon pricing mechanisms continue to play a pivotal role in incentivizing emission reductions.
Key findings from the report include:.
The increasing prevalence of carbon markets underscores a growing acknowledgment among corporations that financial mechanisms must internalize the environmental costs of their activities.
In India, green finance initiatives are gaining traction as financial institutions increasingly integrate environmental considerations into their lending practices.
Issuance has soared, exceeding $10 billion in 2022.
Corporates like NTPC, L&T, and Mahindra & Mahindra have successfully tapped into this market.
This surge in green finance signifies a shift in the behaviour of money towards investments aligned with environmental sustainability.
The integration of ESG factors into financial decision-making has become not just a trend but a fundamental aspect of investment strategies.
This surge in support underscores the increasing recognition of the materiality of climate-related risks and the need for transparent financial disclosure.
The growth of corporate climate finance in India is evident:.
Despite the progress, challenges remain.
Limited access to finance, smaller companies often lack the resources and expertise to access green finance solutions.
Policy gaps, regulatory uncertainties, and inconsistent policy implementation create hurdles for green investments.
The complexity of environmental systems raises the specter of unintended consequences.
Green investments, while intended to benefit the environment, may inadvertently lead to unforeseen ecological repercussions.
Moreover, the environment is an intricate tapestry of interconnected systems, making it challenging to isolate the specific contribution of green investments from other influencing factors.
A company’s reduced carbon footprint, for example, could be attributed to a combination of green investments, technological advancements, or regulatory changes.
Discerning the precise impact of green investments amidst this interplay of factors proves to be a formidable task.
Critics argue that some financial mechanisms may fall short of driving transformative change, emphasizing the need for more ambitious and comprehensive approaches.
The specter of greenwashing, where companies overstate their environmental commitments, remains a concern, necessitating rigorous scrutiny and regulation.
While the Indian corporate sector makes strides in aligning financial strategies with sustainability goals, challenges persist.
The need for large-scale investments in climate resilience and adaptation measures, especially in vulnerable sectors, remains a priority.
Balancing economic growth with environmental protection requires innovative financial models that incentivize green practices without hindering development.
Addressing these challenges requires; policy frameworks to be strengthened to incentivize green investments and provide targeted support for smaller companies and farmers.
Developing standardized reporting frameworks is crucial to enhance transparency and facilitate investment decisions.
Enabling financial institutions and businesses to understand and manage climate-related risks is crucial.
The launch of the Green Credits website by PM Modi during Dubai’s COP-28 World Climate Action Summit is a welcome step.
As the world reels from the impact of the hottest year on record in 2023, the attention of the global community turns to COP28 for solutions to the climate challenge.
Real action on climate requires pragmatism.
It would centre the specific needs of energy-poor countries in the Global South.
Sermonising western COP presidencies have rarely understood the basic needs of the developing world.
While COP28 might have attracted concern for naming a president-designate who also runs a large fossil fuel company, the fact is that this is cause for optimism.
A pragmatic climate solution for the Global South would similarly prioritise the spread of enterprise, of solutions, and of technology.
Dr Al Jaber and COP28 have a hard task ahead of them.
Estimates indicate that nearly all developed nations, with only two exceptions, are significantly off-course in meeting their Nationally Determined Contributions (NDCs).
This stark deviation stands as the primary obstacle preventing the realisation of the Paris Climate Goals.
Those most culpable for the climate crisis persist in evading their responsibilities.
Responsibility for climate finance is even more important.
Developing economies will require around $2 trillion annually to meet emission targets and cope with the impact of climate change.
In stark contrast, the world has fixated on bickering over a meagre $100 billion annual target for financing from the developed world.
We are currently fighting over bicycles when what is required is a Mercedes.
The UAE COP is well placed to establish a new pathway that places the Global South at the centre.
It also comes at a time when there is already momentum around Global South led multilateral cooperation.
In particular, the Indian G20 Presidency has already demonstrated the ability to build consensus around such a climate agenda.
India has highlighted a few priority action areas which must now be taken forward in the coming year, and COP28 is an ideal starting point.
First, reducing cost of green capital in the developing world is crucial, as these can be nearly seven times higher than in OECD countries.
The IMF estimates that emerging and developing economies (EMDEs) have accounted for 80% of global growth since 2008.
However, only 25% of climate finance has flowed to these geographies.
By design, the current international financial architecture prevents growth from being green.
It is imperative to create a global inventory of green projects with a guarantee that each project can access capital at a similar cost.
This guarantee can be facilitated by a transnational institution similar to the Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency (MIGA).
Response to a planetary crisis must not be compromised by perceived political risks.
The recently expanded BRICS grouping can also be utilised to further the reform agenda.
The newer capital-rich members of the grouping should be galvanised to create a line of funds for Green Transitions within the New Development Bank.
This can serve as a boutique model which can increase pressure on West-controlled institutions to accelerate their efforts.
The Loss and Damage Fund must also be operationalised with concrete financing commitment from the developed world.
Fourth, innovation in climate technologies in the Global South must be encouraged.
Finally, it is crucial to diversify and make green technology value chains accessible to all.
Presently, China holds disproportionate control over the raw materials and technologies vital for green energy.
It is critical to break free from this monopoly and ensure that Beijing does not wield a veto over our green future.
Samir Saran is president, ORF.
By Narayani Ganesh.
And human-to human communication – that is becoming rare.
This is an anthropomorphic view.
The roots of trees in a forest are said to ‘speak’ to each other, entwined beneath the ground and sensitive to all that is happening in their habitat.
Without a doubt, humans have reshaped and altered life on Earth in many different ways, often to detrimental effect.
The current climate change crisis is proof of this, not to speak of severe air, water, and soil pollution.
The results are clear: Earth’s biosphere churns out far more information than the internet has, in its thirty-year history.
 Complex as nature is, it may be another century before human generated information outdoes nature.
Volume-wise, the largest transmission of human generated information is via the internet, as it carries forty terabytes of information.
Biosphere networks including bird calls, whale song and pheromones are all forms of communication, too.
When certain proteins are produced, it is the result of communication between molecules and cells.
Rao reports that the study’s authors specifically focused on the one hundred octillion single-celled prokaryotes that make up the majority of Earth’s biomass.
As all of Earth’s prokaryotes signal to each other, according to the authors’ estimate, they generate around a billion times as much data as our technology, at present.
But that may change in a century’s time when humans are likely to create more information than nature.
The situation in Delhi and Mumbai is a stark reminder of the urgent need to control pollution.
Addressing this issue requires a multi-pronged approach involving governments, industries, and individuals.
The World Health Organization (WHO) reveals that Delhi and Mumbai are among the most polluted cities in the world consistently.
In 2023, Delhi’s average annual PM2.5 concentration was a staggering 112 µg/m3, more than six times the WHO’s safe limit of 5 µg/m3.
Mumbai’s air quality, while slightly better, was still far from satisfactory, with an average PM2.5 concentration of 59 µg/m3.
These figures paint a grim picture of the air quality in these two cities.
5, a fine inhalable particulate matter, is particularly harmful as it can penetrate the lungs and bloodstream, causing various health problems.
Studies have shown that exposure to PM2.5 can lead to an increased risk of premature death, lung cancer, and respiratory and cardiovascular diseases.
The situation is equally concerning when it comes to water pollution.
In Delhi, up to 80% of the wastewater is dumped into the Yamuna River untreated, contaminating the drinking water, source for millions of people.
In Mumbai, the Mithi River, once a source of recreation and sustenance, is now a toxic cocktail of sewage, industrial effluents, and plastic waste.
The impact of pollution on human health is undeniable.
According to a study published in The Lancet, air pollution in India causes an estimated 2.5 million premature deaths annually.
In Delhi, it is estimated that pollution causes up to 30% of all respiratory deaths.
The pollution is not restricted to Delhi and Mumbai, it’s affecting the entire country and the world.
The economic costs of pollution are also significant.
The World Bank estimates that India loses up to 3% of its GDP due to pollution-related health costs and lost productivity.
Delhi and Mumbai, two of India’s most populous metropolises, have long grappled with the issue of air pollution.
The air quality in both cities has consistently ranked among the worst in the world, posing significant health risks to their residents.
To effectively address this pressing issue, it is crucial to understand the underlying factors contributing to the high levels of pollution.
A significant contributor to air pollution is vehicular emissions.
These pollutants have detrimental effects on human health, causing respiratory problems, heart diseases, and even cancer.
The shift to electronic vehicles has started but still, there is a long way to go when it comes to green technologies.
Industrial activities in and around Delhi and Mumbai also play a substantial role in air pollution.
The release of emissions from factories, power plants, and other industrial units contributes to elevated levels of PM, NOx, and SO2.
These emissions often contain hazardous substances, such as heavy metals and volatile organic compounds (VOCs), further exacerbating the pollution crisis.
Construction activities, a hallmark of urban development, are another major source of air pollution.
The dust generated during construction, particularly from demolition and excavation work, significantly increases PM levels.
This dust can travel long distances, affecting air quality in neighbouring areas as well.
The burning of crop residues, a practice prevalent in agricultural areas surrounding Delhi and Mumbai, contributes to seasonal spikes in air pollution.
Farmers often resort to burning paddy straw after harvesting to clear their fields quickly and cheaply.
This practice releases large amounts of PM, particularly PM2.5, into the atmosphere, posing severe health risks, especially during the winter months when air circulation is poor.
Meteorological factors, such as temperature inversions and wind patterns, can also exacerbate air pollution.
Temperature inversions trap pollutants near the ground, preventing their dispersion and leading to higher concentrations.
Additionally, calm winds or slow wind speeds limit the movement of pollutants, allowing them to accumulate over the cities.
Addressing air pollution is not just an environmental issue; it is a public health imperative.
As of 2023, India boasts over 55,000 operational biogas plants, with an installed capacity of over 40 MW.
This represents a remarkable growth from just 2,000 plants in 2014.
The Ministry of New and Renewable Energy (MNRE) has set an ambitious target of 50 million biogas plants by 2025, indicating the government’s commitment to expanding the biogas sector.
Biogas production in India is estimated at around 15 billion cubic meters (BCM) annually, with the potential to reach 60 BCM by 2030.
Biogas plants contribute to reducing greenhouse gas emissions by approximately 3.6 million tonnes of CO2 equivalent per year.
Biogas provides clean cooking fuel for rural households, reducing reliance on traditional biomass sources that contribute to air pollution.
Biogas slurry, a byproduct of biogas production, serves as a rich organic fertilizer, enhancing soil quality and crop productivity.
However, the upfront costs of installing biogas systems can be high.
This is a barrier for many potential adopters.
The infrastructure for biogas production and distribution is not yet fully developed in many parts of the world.
There is a perception that biogas is a dirty or smelly fuel.
This perception is based on a lack of understanding of biogas technology.
Despite these challenges, the future of the biogas industry in India is promising.
Government initiatives, technological advancements, and growing awareness are expected to drive continued growth.
Biogas holds the potential to play a significant role in India’s energy transition, contributing to a sustainable and environmentally responsible future.
Governments at all levels need to implement stricter environmental regulations and invest in sustainable infrastructure, such as public transportation and renewable energy sources.
Industries need to adopt cleaner production practices and reduce their emissions.
Individuals can make a difference by adopting eco-friendly habits, such as using public transportation, reducing energy consumption, and properly disposing of waste.
-By Harminder Kaur.
Guru Nanak advocated an integrated approach between human life and nature.
He envisioned nature as much a part of God’s creation as a human being.
The other shape of God that is Saguna, manifest, is not in humanity alone, it is in the entire nature and universe.
It is revealed in various hues and colours, the environment and the aroma of nature, in the singing birds and the blooming flowers.
He said to love God means to love His entire creation, including nature, a broad term for the environment.
Guru Nanak proclaimed that the universe was created by a divine order and with a divine purpose.
It is, therefore, the duty of man not to disturb that divine order.
He saw human beings as an integral part of nature, not in conflict with it.
In his vision, man and nature are interdependent.
There cannot be a dominance of one over the other as it is being practised in modern times, when man is dominating nature and destroying it endlessly in a mad race of development.
Guru Nanak takes a more purposive view of man.
Knowledge also places a certain responsibility on man – of not conducting himself in any way that is destructive or endangers life in the planetary system.
He said: Air is the vital force; water, the progenitor; the vast earth, the mother of all; day and night are nurses, fondling all creation in their lap.
If we realise this, we cannot harm our environment because we are a part of it.
Living in harmony with nature was Guru Nanak’s vision of protecting God’s creation.
There is a dire need to step back, pause and look for a solution within the framework of his vision to stop further environmental degradation.
He underscores that God can be realised through nature: The Lord who the universe has created, and in it is pervasive.
By His creation, know Him.
 (SGGS p 581).
November 27 is Guru Nanak Jayanti.
Like Oxford and Cambridge, New York and Washington, Sydney and Melbourne, Delhi and Mumbai have long been rivals, each claiming superiority over the other.
Delhi, the political capital, belittles Mumbai as a tinsel town of Bollywood bling and shallow sell-ebrities scrambling to make it to Page 3, if not to starletdom.
But now this inter-city competitiveness has been given a corkscrew twist by a new, and noxious, yardstick of comparison: pollution.
1 slot it currently occupies with such cocksure confidence.
The pollution drama in Delhi NCR has become an annual event with a script that follow the same pattern year after year.
Delhi’s AAP government, that has direct responsibility to resolve the problem, blames the Centre and the neighbouring state governments of Haryana and UP to cover its own failures.
Punjab, the main culprit and the target of AAP’s ire for years, is off the blame list because the state is now ruled by AAP.
A concerted action plan, after discussions with all concerned, is glaringly missing.
The Center’s indifference towards the national capital and its over 20 million population is hard to understand.
Meanwhile thousands of Delhi NCR citizens flock to hospitals for all kinds of ailments resulting from unbreathable air year after year.
Unfortunately, they do not have the luxury of government funded rejuvenating sojourns at five-star spas and resorts in places like Bangaluru and Kerala.
That privilege is reserved for a select few Khas Admis in the government.
The moot question is do the authorities, both at the state and Centre, really know what to do and are they willing to take some hard decisions? The answer is obvious.
The state government’s efforts stop at promulgating their Graded Response Action Plan (GRAP) that has four levels while the Centre hardly plays any role.
GRAP 1 kicks in when Air Quality Index (AQI) crosses 200 (poor), GRAP 2 at 300 (very poor), GRAP 3 at 400 (severe) and GRAP 4 (severe +) comes into force when AQI reaches 450 (severe).
Measures for reduction of pollution include ban on plying of vehicles, stopping construction activities, closure of schools and permitting work from home.
There are two points to note here.
First, the focus of all stages of GRAP is on immediate reduction of pollution and not on prevention of pollution.
Second, by default an AQI of up to 200 (poor) is acceptable since GRAP 1 comes into effect only after that.
It is estimated that vehicles contribute about 30-35% of the total population on normal days in Delhi NCR.
A large part of this percentage is attributable to heavy vehicles, two wheelers and autos.
Today, bulk of the heavy vehicles heading towards Gurugram, Ghaziabad, Faridabad and beyond do not enter Delhi as alternative roads have been built.
This reduces their entry into Delhi to a large extent.
Share of cars is around 2% and this seems logical since their technology and maintenance are better.
So, the much touted odd-even scheme for cars can at the best reduce the pollution by 1% if the ban is total.
If the various exemptions given for taxis, women and others are taken into account, the reduction actually becomes insignificant.
A reality that cannot be ignored is that a large and happening city like Delhi has to learn to live with its vehicular traffic, while finding ways and means to control overall pollution.
A check of PM2.5 AQI levels for last three years shows that Delhi has good to moderate pollution levels (less than 100) only for the period between July – mid-September because of monsoons.
October to February are the worst months where the index generally hovers above 200.
For the balance of the year from March to June the reading is mostly above 150 with an occasional dip.
For the record, the acceptable WHO standards for PM2.5 are pegged at 15.
This makes it abundantly clear, that Delhi is polluted throughout the year with a mean value of PM2.5 that is above 150 for over seven to eight months in a year.
In such a situation, the prime need is to understand what causes Delhi’s mean levels to be so high for most part of the year.
The neighbouring states of Punjab, Haryana and UP’s stubble burning after harvesting the rice crop is a major concern with Punjab being the main culprit by miles.
This is partly due to the mandatory delayed sowing of the paddy after mid-June each year to preserve underground water.
This delays the harvesting and therefore stubble burning takes place during October – November each year after the monsoon season.
Ideally, changing the crop pattern or substituting paddy by other crops are the answers for the long term.
But there are no takers for this major change.
The farmers and middlemen in Punjab, who have political backing, make huge money by selling the rice crop under MSP to the government.
It is a very lucrative arrangement, with assured profits, as opposed to selling in the open market.
Stubble burning is an easy and least time-consuming method that requires hardly any financial inputs to get the fields ready, in time, for sowing of wheat.
Locally, Delhi NCR too has to take some steps for reduction of routine pollution.
Vehicular emission norms are already pretty stringent and as technology improves further, the same must be put into effect.
Developing more green belts is of paramount importance to control pollution apart from ensuring a greater supply of oxygen.
Control on sale of vehicles in NCR and the regular migration of workers from other states into Delhi needs to be addressed on priority.
There are no quick fix solutions to control pollution.
Delhi’s pollution must be seen as everyone’s baby and addressed on multiple fronts.
Delhi government’s 14-point action plan to reduce pollution launched in May this year seems to be only gathering dust somewhere.
Each measure, however small it may be, will add to the overall effort to reduce the mean AQI index within the NCR region.
The state and central governments must work in tandem apart from ensuring participation of the public for best results.
It is time for all concerned to get serious and not to play with the lives of the citizens of Delhi NCR.
In pursuit of India’s net-zero goals, wastelands are being repurposed for renewable energy and afforestation projects.
This poses a threat to the diverse ecosystems they encompass and the communities dependent on them.
However, this categorisation fails to view semi-arid, non-forested landscapes as distinct ecosystems and instead sees them as degraded forest land.
It does not acknowledge that these wastelands encompass diverse ecosystems such as grasslands, shrublands, and deserts.
These ecosystems are often referred to as open natural ecosystems or ONEs, and have immense ecological and social value.
Not all wastelands are lying waste.
ONEs are found in only 10 percent of India’s dry, sub-humid, and semi-arid zones, particularly in states such as Maharashtra, Gujarat, Rajasthan, and Andhra Pradesh.
They are rich in biodiversity and contain several animal species including the great Indian bustard, the blackbuck, the Indian fox, the Indian wolf, and the striped hyena.
They also have immense potential for sequestering or storing carbon from the atmosphere.
Grasslands, for instance, can capture about 146 tonnes of carbon per hectare below the ground each year.
Additionally, approximately 25 nomadic pastoralist communities in India such as the Dhangars in Maharashtra and the Rabaris in Rajasthan depend on ONEs.
As noted by the Planning Commission in the Report of the Task Force on Grasslands and Deserts 2006, ONEs provide nearly 50 percent of the fodder for India’s 500 million livestock.
Proposed climate solutions are creating a new set of pressures on wastelands.
As India races towards achieving its net-zero carbon goals, wastelands are being earmarked for various climate-related projects by businesses, nonprofits, and the government.
While these initiatives are being lauded as an important part of India’s climate goals, they directly impact the health of ONEs.
While tree plantations have become a trending environmental intervention, they can destroy the ecosystem of these semi-arid landscapes.
For one, they can alter the soil composition in the area.
Such interventions can also alter the biodiversity present in the region.
The Banni grassland in Gujarat’s Kutch district provides an interesting insight into the same.
The grassland is home to more than 40 species of grass that support a variety of wildlife, including several migratory birds and the Indian desert fox.
In the 1950s, to keep the salinity of the region in check, the state government introduced a South American tree called Prosopis juliflora, locally referred to as gando baval or mad babul.
The tree adapted to the region very quickly and now covers more than 50 percent of the grassland.
This, however, has had a devastating impact on the desert fox, which uses the saline grasslands as its habitat.
Since woods are unsuitable for fox habitation, their number has rapidly declined.
Energy transition: Another significant arena of climate action is the transition from a fossil-fuel-based brown economy to a green low-carbon economy run on renewable energy.
Dismantling the ‘brown’ economy, however, requires large swathes of land for setting up solar, wind, and green hydrogen energy power plants.
ONEs, majorly under the wasteland classification, are seen as ideal for setting up the physical infrastructure required for this.
Since the construction of the solar park, however, the grazing patterns of herders have been disrupted.
States such as Gujarat, Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra, and Karnataka, with the largest number of ONEs, are also the ones identified as having high potential for renewable energy.
This could have consequences for the ecological health of the landscape as well as for the people and communities dependent on these lands.
For example, the setting up of solar energy parks and wind energy projects in Rajasthan and Gujarat has led to a decline in the population of the great Indian bustard.
In addition to loss of habitat, power lines act as a hazard, resulting in mortality from electrocution and collision.
Such projects also restrict access to common grazing lands for pastoralists.
For example, India’s first solar park, which was built in Charanka, Gujarat, in 2012 on a dryland area of 2,180 hectares, of which more than 1,000 hectares was classified as wasteland.
This area has been historically used by semi-nomadic Rabari herders.
Since the construction of the solar park, however, the grazing patterns of herders have been disrupted, affecting their mobility and resource use.
They can no longer access these areas to collect firewood or graze their livestock.
What needs to change?.
While such interventions may be well-intentioned, they fail to take into account the varied ecosystems that fall under the wasteland categorisation.
The unintended consequences of these actions can, in fact, undermine our climate goals.
Strengthening protection of ONEs through reclassification of wastelands.
As a first step in ensuring the legal protection of ONEs, government bodies must carry out a reclassification of these lands.
ONEs are weakly protected, particularly due to their classification as wastelands.
Approximately 70 percent of the areas with ONEs overlap with landscapes that the government classifies as wastelands.
Additionally, less than 5 percent of ONEs come under the government’s Protected Area network, which comprises national parks, wildlife sanctuaries, and reserves.
This leaves them deprioritised as significant areas for conservation and makes them vulnerable to ecosystem degradation and diversion to other types of land use.
The Land Acquisition, Rehabilitation and Resettlement Act, 2013, also lays down a clause that mandates the creation of an inventory of unused or barren lands at the district level.
This in turn makes it easier for government and private actors to bypass the rights of communities and divert lands that may fall under the wasteland category.
Proposing evidence-based interventions.
Land-use decisions must be well informed and consider ecological and social factors.
Prioritisation exercises carried out by government and non-governmental stakeholders can play a key role in this process.
These involve evaluating and ranking different parcels of land to determine their significance or allocation for particular purposes.
This can help identify land that needs to be prioritised for conservation as it may contribute to carbon sequestration, or is heavily used by communities, or is rich in biodiversity.
Such a prioritisation should include calculating trade-offs that need to be made when identifying lands suitable for renewable energy projects or for other land uses.
These exercises should also be used to determine future wastelands classification and incorporate the needs and voices of local communities in decision-making processes.
This can help ensure that the energy transition aligns with the unique socio-ecological needs of different landscapes and doesn’t further deplete ONEs.
Regulating the renewable sector.
The adoption and development of green energy has become pivotal to India’s climate goals.
While this is a critical piece, it has taken priority over conserving biodiversity, protecting natural ecosystems and existing carbon sinks, and upholding the rights of local communities.
Notably, the green energy industry in India is exempted from both social as well as environmental impact assessments, making ONEs particularly susceptible to diversion.
For example, in 2020, a local community in Rajasthan had to resort to legal action to contest the development of the 1,500 MW Fatehgarh Ultra Mega Solar Park in Jaisalmer district.
Safeguarding climate-resilient livelihoods.
While the transition to renewable energy sources is a crucial step in climate change mitigation, it is equally important to focus on supporting climate-resilient livelihoods.
Arguably, pastoralism is one of the more climate-resilient and sustainable livelihoods in India, contributing to 4.5 percent of the GDP, according to the Meat Atlas 2021.
Pastoralists have traditionally been using several strategies to adapt to climate variabilities.
Pastoralists also use ONEs and wastelands for grazing livestock and to transit through migratory routes.
The role of grazing has been acknowledged in the maintenance of these ecosystems.
Securing the livelihoods of pastoralists, therefore, can significantly contribute to the sustenance of ONEs.
However, pastoralism isn’t recognised officially by the government.
The government must first collect official data on the number of pastoralists in the country and formally recognise pastoralism as a distinct land-use category.
There is a need not only to conserve the landscapes they rely on, but also to ensure the right of access for pastoralists.
Learning when not to intervene.
In the shift from a brown economy to a green economy, it is essential not to oversimplify the narrative as ‘green good, brown bad’.
An important point of action for various stakeholders is to recognise when not to intervene.
Governments, businesses, and the development sector advocating for the utilisation of ONEs must cultivate a deeper understanding of these landscapes.
This will help them recognise where interventions are inappropriate, and where they are not.
A transition to renewable energy should be accompanied by a transition in how we view natural ecosystems.
Sustainable management of land, rights of local communities, and issues of equity need to be strengthened in the face of changing pressures on land and livelihoods.
ONEs are rich in biodiversity and play an important role in carbon sequestration.
Protection of these ecosystems should thus be an important aspect of our climate goals.
This article was originally published on India Development Review.
Bio-based Polyurethanes stand as a versatile cornerstone of today’s material landscape, offering a unique pathway towards embracing sustainability.
They champion an extended lifespan for natural resources and materials, fostering a dual approach—simultaneously curbing waste and nurturing a more judicious use of our natural resources.
The evolving technology of new materials, especially polyurethanes integrated with a higher biomass content, serves as the groundwork for a burgeoning ‘Circular Economy’.
In the realm of sustainable innovation, the end-of-life phase of materials is notorious for its waste.
Enter thermoplastic polyurethanes, often abbreviated as TPUs, designed to revolutionize this cycle.
These TPUs, integral to product design, pave the way for minimizing waste through their promotion of recyclable designs.
Essentially, these materials are reclaimable, allowing for their transformation into new applications once a product reaches the end of its life cycle.
This revolution in material science and product design has ushered in a paradigm shift, challenging conventional norms on achieving sustainability.
The pivotal question remains—how far-reaching are these advancements?.
Sustainable Polyurethanes, particularly thermoplastics, have spurred a wave of innovation in the materials industry and beyond, owing to their inherent recyclability.
TPUs, by their very nature, can be melted and repurposed across product life cycles, setting the stage for genuinely recyclable products.
The appeal of TPUs lies in their lightweight and adaptable nature, especially within product design.
Yet, the sustainability unlocked by TPUs is the ultimate prize.
Ultimately, this translates to a conservation of natural resources during production.
Furthermore, the use of Thermoplastic Polyurethane Films (TPU films) with renewable content is pivotal in various sophisticated markets such as motorsport or military industries.
These films, with their robust properties like toughness and elasticity, cater to demanding environments.
They not only support product design but also represent high-performance materials that can be recycled without compromising quality.
Their applications span from textiles to hospital equipment and military aircraft furnishings.
While TPUs have long held a reputation as a workhorse material, recent advancements are fueled by a growing inclination towards sustainable product design.
Medical applications, like hospital tents, showcase how materials can be reused in alternate forms, often through compression molding.
Moreover, the latest TPU technology incorporates over 30 percent renewable content, reflecting a notable shift towards sustainability.
Looking ahead, the spotlight remains on driving recyclability and redefining the value of end-of-life products.
Early indicators suggest that biodegradability might emerge as a potential avenue for growth in the foreseeable future.
Unlike materials such as PVC, a biodegradable TPU could significantly bolster environmental goals by curbing carbon footprints and waste.
Conventional waste management practices, adhering to the established infrastructure, limit plastic disposal to recycling, incineration, or landfills.
However, these options pale in comparison to the promise held by new material technologies.
Whether biodegradable or not, TPUs present an inspirational case study for reimagining sustainability objectives by reevaluating product design.
It’s becoming increasingly evident that what’s on the label truly does matter.
In the grand tapestry of global environmental concerns, India stands as a vibrant, complex, and thriving nation, teeming with life and potential.
In a country where the population is vast and varied, it is the masses, not the few, who wield the transformative power.
India’s policymakers have taken significant steps to promote sustainability and reduce carbon emissions.
It is the people who must choose sustainability over reckless consumption, and this shift in consciousness will be the catalyst for meaningful change.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visionary initiative, Mission Life or Lifestyle for Environment, underscores the need to empower and educate the common people of India.
Sustainability is not merely a buzzword; it is the cornerstone of our survival.
As the world grapples with the existential threat of climate change, India, with its burgeoning population and diverse ecological landscapes, holds immense responsibility.
The example of Sweden offers a poignant contrast.
This Scandinavian nation has achieved remarkable progress in sustainability, primarily due to the collective consciousness of its citizens.
Swedish people have embraced sustainability as a way of life, from their food choices to their fashion, and have committed to protecting the environment.
No doubt they have great policy and a matching enforcement ecosystem.
But let us not forget that the case is such because there is demand from the people, who are also willing to support such policies.
In short, Sweden’s success story demonstrates that the transition to a sustainable lifestyle begins with the individual choices of its citizens.
In India, a myriad of complexities and environmental challenges loom large.
Air and water pollution, deforestation, desertification, and waste management are issues that demand immediate attention.
While India boasts a comprehensive set of environmental policies, their effectiveness is hampered by the lack of enforcement and awareness among its people.
One glaring issue is the lack of enforcement.
Environmental laws exist, but without stringent and transparent enforcement, they become mere words on paper.
Effective regulatory institutions and compliance mechanisms must be established to bridge the gap between policy and practice.
India’s rapid economic growth has undeniably lifted millions out of poverty but has simultaneously placed immense pressure on its ecosystems.
Unsustainable consumption patterns have given rise to air pollution, water scarcity, and waste generation.
Economic growth should not come at the cost of our environment; the two must coexist harmoniously.
Global warming further exacerbates India’s environmental challenges.
It amplifies existing issues, making it imperative for the country to act swiftly and decisively.
Moreover, India needs to bolster its environmental laws.
While there is a rich history of legislation, the nation lags behind in addressing specific environmental concerns such as air and water quality.
So, what can be done? It is the people of India who hold the key to sustainable transformation.
The Indian populace, numbering in the billions, has the potential to drive change through their choices, demands, and commitment to a sustainable lifestyle.
Each choice made at the grocery store, every conscious purchase, every effort to reduce waste and conserve resources, is a small yet significant step toward a greener future.
Stakeholders, from policymakers to corporations, must recognize the immense power of the people in driving change.
It is futile to rely solely on a select few to effect transformation in a country as vast and diverse as India.
The call for better policy enforcement, for a cleaner environment, must emanate from the masses.
The people are many; policymakers are few.
The will of the people is a force that cannot be ignored.
It is time to embark on a journey that empowers every Indian citizen to choose sustainability over consumption.
Education and awareness programs, incentives for sustainable practices, and the active involvement of communities are essential steps.
We must foster a culture of environmental responsibility and make it a way of life.
In summary, the power and potential of the people to drive India’s transition towards sustainability are undeniable.
While policies are essential, it is the choices of individuals that will ultimately determine our environmental destiny.
India’s path to a sustainable future hinges on the collective will and actions of its citizens.
It is a journey that must begin now, with a conscious choice to prioritize the environment over reckless consumption.
The time for change is upon us, and together, as a nation, we can build a more sustainable and prosperous future.
Intriguing, revealing, embarrassing, shocking – whichever word best suits your reaction to the following news story, it indicates something totally unexpected.
They placed hidden recorders and activated them when animals gathered near water bodies or were moving in herds, or simply preparing to feast on a recent kill.
Yes, prey animals do display fear and try to flee but not with the same intensity and terror when confronted by human voices.
Even a leopard that was preparing to eat an impala it had just killed – simply abandoned its lunch and fled when human voice recordings were played.
Wild animals, even the apex predators that we fear, are terrified of us, say researchers.
The sound of human voices evokes more fear than the sounds of snarling and growling lions.
This underlines that our species is recognised as uniquely dangerous.
 Says conservation biologist Michael Clinchy at Western University in London, Ontario: This is because we are super lethal.
 In contrast, there are stories of animals and humans living in harmony and trust in places like those in and around Ramana Maharishi’s ashram in Tiruvannamalai, Tamil Nadu.
The Sage of Arunachala, as he was known, was calm, exuding peace and quiet confidence.
Whosoever came to visit, went away carrying some of that peace with them.
Quiet compassion and brotherhood, kindness and interconnectedness bind all species and souls in a positive, enabling manner that generates more compassion and love.
The sage’s compassion extended to plant species as well.
 Leopards are known to move away when they crossed Ramana Maharshi’s path during his circumambulation of the Arunachala hill.
He would just ask them to leave, and they would do so.
Fear was never part of this kind of inter-living, something unusual and inspiring.
Ramana Maharshi’s level of compassion and kindness may be very high benchmarks for us, but we could aspire to emulate at least some of it.
A shrub with small, beautiful flowers, Lantana camara is believed to have arrived in India in the 1800s as a colonial import from Latin America.
Initially brought in by the British as an ornamental plant, the highly adaptable weed soon spread across the country, taking over forests.
By 2020, it was estimated to occupy more than 40 percent of the area in India’s tiger habitats.
Lantana camara severely affects the productivity of the forest ecosystem, which comprises several varieties of grasses, shrubs, and herbs.
Once an invasive species like lantana takes over, it replaces the native flora of a place on which a variety of birds, insects, and animals feed.
When the ecological balance is disturbed in this way, it may have several repercussions, including an increase in pests that adversely impact agriculture.
There are other concerns, too.
In areas in and around tiger reserves, dense lantana thickets provide an ideal hiding place for tigers, leopards, and sloth bears.
Considering the large-scale impact of lantana in forest areas, in 2017, TCF decided to start a year-long pilot project in a buffer region near Bandhavgarh National Park in Madhya Pradesh.
We partnered with the state forest department for this project.
It involved fencing off five hectares of forest land and weeding it.
The importance of habitat restoration.
Habitat restoration involves removing invasive species and planting trees with gaps between them to allow the regeneration of local flora.
While doing this, we must make sure to only plant flora that is native to that region.
We should avoid introducing any new plant species, even if non-invasive, so as not to disturb the ecological balance of the area.
It is against the principles of habitat restoration to tinker with the natural environment of a place; this is what sets it apart from blanket plantation.
Those working on reforestation should let these regions remain as they are.
It is also much more effective when compared to expensive and ad hoc plantation drives we have seen in the country over decades that have failed to increase India’s green cover.
However, weeding a forest is a difficult process that demands persistence.
Lantana has to be removed from a patch of land for at least two to three years continuously.
During this period, that land is fenced off and no grazing is allowed in the area.
In the first year, it is massive work because we are clearing fully grown thickets.
In the second and third year, too, we have to remove some amount of the lantana that will regrow because it is a hardy species.
From then on, its growth decreases and the weeding process requires lesser labour input.
Involving the people who matter.
Community members from nearby villages are employed to work on the weed removal and reforestation, and are paid according to the rates prescribed by the forest department.
We have also started self-help groups with the villagers in places like Kanha Tiger Reserve.
Some of the villagers are also employed as security guards at the site to prevent vandalism, trespassing, or livestock grazing.
When grass grows after the monsoon, villagers come to the area to harvest the quantity that they need to stall-feed their cattle.
We keep a record of how much grass was harvested and how much lantana was removed from a particular site in a year.
We also periodically monitor the wildlife in the region and assess the increase in numbers of species.
We work very closely with the forest department, whose officials visit the sites regularly to check on the progress of these patches taken up for restoration.
We hold meetings with the committee to help them understand the restoration project.
It is important that the villagers are a part of the project from the very beginning; they should be aware of what is being done and why.
A tripartite agreement is signed by us, the forest department, and the village development committee, which clearly states each partner’s role.
The villagers are explained why they shouldn’t graze their livestock in areas fenced off for reforestation and should instead practice stall feeding.
The forest department retains the ownership of the land, provides the necessary permissions to execute the work, and monitors the project periodically.
A nonprofit cannot take care of the forest forever, so after five to seven years we hand over the site to the forest department.
However, the agreement with and involvement of the villagers ensures that the forest doesn’t degrade again.
The uphill task of keeping a forest healthy.
Restoring a forest is not an easy job.
When reforestation is done without a clear plan and understanding of the local ecology and topography, it can have damaging results.
In the past, eucalyptus trees were planted by the forest department in many areas.
Eucalyptus is a species that should never be planted in any Indian forest because it is alien to our ecosystem.
Moreover, it is a water guzzler that affects native species.
There are however plans to completely remove existing eucalyptus plantations and restore these areas to create mixed forests instead.
These days forest departments do a lot of work, weeding and reforesting core areas of the forests they manage.
When you go to Kanha Tiger Reserve or Satpura Tiger Reserve, you can see uprooted lantana shrubs kept upside down to prevent them from regerminating.
But the department has limited funds and the extent of degradation is enormous.
Even if you just take the North Shahdol Forest Division, it has more than 5,000–6,000 hectares of degraded forest land.
Organisations like TCF that have access to CSR funding can help the forest department.
But the funders who put their money in such projects need to also understand that they will not see immediate results.
They cannot fund restoration for one year and then move out.
The support should continue for at least five years so that the results are apparent.
Our habitat restoration model is replicable (with locale-specific tweaks) across forests in the country.
In fact, after working with us, the Madhya Pradesh Forest Department has partnered with private organisations to fund their restoration efforts in other forest areas.
Weeding any plot of land is a challenge, but when that plot is an entire forest, the difficulties double.
Yet, it can be done when every stakeholder puts their head and hands to the task.
5-degree problem is not going away; it is here to stay.
According to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) report, the acceleration of climate disruptions is evident with each passing year.
The urgency to take action to mitigate the impact of climate change has never been more critical.
While governments and companies pledge emissions reduction, real change is limited.
Enter the concept of an individual ‘climate identity’ as a game-changer.
Reports like the CDP reveal a disconcerting gap between intention and action.
Government and corporate commitments alone won’t cut it.
We need a collective effort from every individual, taking daily steps to reduce their carbon footprint.
It empowers individuals to make subtle changes without upending their lives.
For example, choosing a solo petrol car ride over carpooling emits a substantial amount of CO2.
A 50 KM ride produces as much CO2 as 50% of what a tree absorbs in a year.
Now imagine millions taking extra car rides.
Once individuals know their climate identity, they can set targets and track their progress.
Small changes, like using public transport and virtual meetings, collectively combat climate change.
This concept also spurs societal behavior change.
Individuals, knowing their climate impact, will adopt sustainable practices, demanding change from governments and companies.
This will create a ripple effect, pushing for collective action against climate change.
Some may argue that the concept of individual climate identity is complex and may need to be more practical to implement on a large scale.
However, technological advancements and data collection have made measuring and tracking individual carbon footprints increasingly feasible.
In conclusion, the need for an individual climate identity is paramount in the fight against climate disruptions.
More is needed for governments and companies to make pledges and commitments; individuals must be actively involved in the process.
By knowing their climate identity, individuals can take informed and meaningful steps to reduce emissions and contribute to the global effort to combat climate change.
It is time to unlock the power of individual action to achieve collective impact and secure a sustainable future for generations to come.
That’s why ‘authentic’ is Merriam
Webster’s Word of the Year.
‘Rizz’, GenZ term for style/charm/sexual magnetism, has just been anointed OUP’s Word of the Year.
But, I’ll go with ‘authentic’, picked by the Merriam Webster dictionary a week earlier.
It doesn’t have the Instaflash of ‘rizz’, but it authenticks all the boxes when deciding this year’s prime issue – and fear.
The choice also endorses a worrying trend.
Merriam Webster’s Word of 2022 was the alter ego of ‘authentic’.
It was ‘gaslighting’ – to spread gross misinformation about someone.
In the 1938 play and movie, Gaslight, the protagonist makes his wife think she’s going insane by dimming the attic lights and telling her it’s only a figment of her distorted perceptions.
Today, AI, deepfakes, post-truth and sexy bots are driving us all mad over what really is the real thing.
The asli-pasli? Alas, only skeletal remains.
Just as misinformation ‘graduated’ to disinformation, deepfakes might morph into deeper, deepest fakes.
The current experiments with truth might have driven Gandhiji to death.
The ancient Greek philosophers famously buried their definitions of ‘truth’ in metaphysics, but today’s altered realities would have shocked Socrates, throttled Aristotle.
Our most dependable relative is ‘Vigil Aunty’.
She alone can save us from the mother of all fake news being fathered in these times when the most common gender is the agenda.
Just last Friday, the Hon CJI warned us against ‘unaccountable mega entities’ – which ‘spread disinformation and hate speech on the Internet’.
Motivated rants have been so amplified that they pass off as genuine public opinion.
With the Net’s ‘transformative powers’, Troll Ban Gaya Gentleman.
Authentic popularity has been hijacked by ‘click bait’.
Less sinisterly, randomly bestowed ‘Likes’ have trivialised authentic appreciation.
Could real, warm-blooded friendship ever be remorselessly ‘unfriended’ at a finger touch? And what about human fakes? Our worshipped goddesses have almost no God-given body part.
More insidiously we have bogus workers on payrolls, bogus voters on poll-rolls.
And shameless switch-for-cash reminds us that the most bogus boast is party loyalty.
Alec Smart said: Looks like old broom makes even cleaner sweep.
The Japan-Vietnam Comprehensive Strategic Partnership (CSP) holds significant implications within the context of international relations, particularly in the Indo-Pacific region.
This elevated partnership, marked by the recent agreement signed during President Thuong’s visit (27th-30th November 2023) to Japan, symbolises a three-fold significance.
At one level, the CSP has great significance for the Indo-Pacific region as it is going to boost the efforts to achieve a Free and Open Indo-Pacific (FOIP).
Given Vietnam’s leading role in the Asean and its strategic location, all stakeholders including Japan of the Indo-Pacific have long sought the former’s support for the vision of the FOIP.
Vietnam has elevated its relationship to this level with three countries of the Quad, South Korea.
With Australia and Singapore, it is going to upgrade ties soon to this level.
Crucially, Vietnam has also the same level of partnership with China and Russia allowing it to play a pivotal role in managing the affairs to avoid a conflict.
Japan has also interacted with South Korea and China to enhance cooperation.
This forms an additional lever to ensure that the situation remains under manageable limits.
Japan and Vietnam, while upgrading ties underscored the view of all countries interested in peace.
At the second level, it is going to further strengthen Japan’s influence in the region.
This step makes Japan one of Vietnam’s top-tier partners.
This relationship will help in aligning even more with Vietnam in formulating policies for peace and checking the Dragon’s aggressiveness.
Japan’s National Security Strategy contains its policy to restrain China.
Japan and Vietnam have strong economic ties and last year the bilateral trade reached $50 billion.
The two leaders decided to further strengthen the economic linkages between the two countries and affirmed the importance of cooperation to ensure economic security.
There is the convergence of views between the two nations.
Japan wants to diversify important supply chains away from China, while Vietnam is seeking to reduce its heavy reliance on its northern neighbour.
Now Japan will be in a better position to shift its companies from China to Vietnam and have trustworthy supply chains.
Besides, this relationship will further help Vietnam in defence and security fields.
They agreed to bolster cooperation in maritime security and safety through joint training, information sharing, and capacity building between the Coast Guards of the two countries.
Vietnam is also expected to benefit from Tokyo’s new military aid program, called the Official Security Assistance (OSA).
This may result in more joint exercises, joint patrolling, information sharing, and enhancing support to build Vietnamese defence capabilities.
It will also benefit Vietnam economically.
Japanese PM Kishida promised to support ‘a strong, independent, self-reliant, industrialized and modern Vietnam with the goal to become a developed country by 2045.
’ Japan also committed to promoting large-scale quality infrastructure development projects in Vietnam through its ODA.
Strengthening supply chains including the development of the supporting industries, and Fostering high level skilled human resources were emphasised.
Vietnam expressed its readiness to create all the favourable conditions for Japanese businesses to invest in Vietnam.
The big picture that emerges is that Vietnam’s upgraded ties with the Quad and others in the region will help in securing peace in the region and achieving the objectives of FOIP.
The whole is more than the sum of all separate ties.
These agreements have raised the status of Vietnam globally as an indispensable partner for the FOIP.
This aspect warrants careful consideration, particularly for countries like India, to ensure a comprehensive understanding of China’s broader geopolitical moves.
But recent developments may provide a window for the country to turn the corner.
This is an unprecedented humiliation for the Tatmadaw.
It also significantly weakens the Tatmadaw’s control over the vital border areas with China.
But the dramatic escalation of the civil war in a neighbouring nation significantly increases the stakes for New Delhi.
India’s approach to the Myanmar crisis since the February 2021 coup has been to engage with the junta led by Senior General Min Aung Hlaing.
This has reportedly included providing arms that some estimates put at over $50 million and attending high-profile political events in Myanmar.
For example, India’s defence secretary officially paid a visit past summer.
Three main considerations have driven this approach.
One is border security, which requires cooperation with the Tatmadaw.
A third reason is economic.
But India has been pursuing its immediate self-interest while neglecting its long-term one.
The cultivation of a regime that is widely despised by the people of Myanmar, including its majority Bamar people, harms India’s standing in the country.
India could be the loser should the NUG emerge as winner in the conflict.
It is time for New Delhi to politically engage the NUG while providing humanitarian aid through opposition channels to people caught in the conflict.
On the run from opposition forces, including across the border to India, the Myanmar army has lost its capacity to cause serious mischief across the Indian border.
New Delhi should not only focus on short-term sheltering and protection of refugees, but also planning for long-term reconstruction of the country.
Working with the UN and ASEAN on these issues will be important, but as a direct neighbour, India cannot leave it entirely to the international community.
It is worth recalling that India provided crucial expertise for Burma’s first constitution.
Respecting India’s emerging democratic model, Burma’s leader Aung San sought help from B N Rau, an adviser to the Constituent Assembly of India, to help with the drafting.
Burma’s constitution was adopted on January 4, 1948, the same day it won independence from Britain.
The similarities between the two constitutions included the fundamental rights and bicameral parliamentary democracy.
Sadly, it did not fully emulate India’s federal democratic system, which is precisely what Myanmar’s opposition seeks to develop now.
Acharya is the author of ‘Tragic Nation Burma: Why And How Democracy Failed’ and Distinguished Professor at American University in Washington DC.
2024 will turn out to be a decisive year for democracy as two of the largest democratic regions will be holding elections.
It will be a unique moment in the world history when 2 billion people will collectively decide the respective future of India and the European Union.
India has approximately 1.4 billion inhabitants and the European Union’s population has touched the figure of 500 million.
A few weeks ago, a Dutch politician, Geert Wilders, surprised the Europeans by making his far-right party the largest in the Netherlands.
Geert Wilders’ far-right, anti-Islam Party for Freedom (PVV) won 37 seats out of 150, making it the largest party in the Dutch parliament.
This electoral contest and its reverberations are now raising eyebrows all over Europe.
Especially the coming European Union elections due in six months is making people nervous.
Geert Wilder’s political stance is not an exception, but rather becoming a norm now.
Demokratische Partei.
The list could be long but it illustrates that the far-right parties are increasingly getting popular among voters who want to see some substantial changes.
Take for instance Sweden which now has the highest crime rate in Northern Europe.
In just a decade, Sweden has metamorphosed from being one of the most serene areas of the world to having one of the highest levels of fatal shootings in Europe.
Criminal gangs, often run by second-generation immigrants, are killing innocent bystanders while trying to liquidate rival gang members.
Sverigedemokraternas’ demand for tougher immigration laws gave good elections results to Sverigedemokraterna.
But what explains the surge of Geert Wilders’ party, which was polling on lesser figures before October 7, and the elections held afterwards gave totally shocking results.
October 7 was the date when Hamas attacked Israel and took hostages.
They feel intimidated by the sheer number of surging masses on the streets blocking all traffic, demanding and protesting regularly.
Many Europeans feel that the border control does not exist and the figures given by the European Union on illegal migration are misleading.
Approximately, 2.4 million people emigrated to European countries in 2022 and irregular migrants and refugees numbering hundreds of thousands have crossed the borders every year.
The massive demonstrations in Paris, London and Berlin in support of Gaza and against Israel are seen as signs of what is awaiting Europe when the silent minority once becomes a majority.
A couple of years ago, the Pew Institute estimated that 8.8% of French residents were Muslim, and similar figures can be expected in Sweden and Germany but slightly less in UK.
Most Europeans are getting fewer children.
In several European cities, there are more women without children at the age of 30 than with children.
But the statistics of newly arrived immigrants is different.
More than half of all schoolchildren in the German city of Hamburg are from migrant families.
Children of Swedish parents are a minority in most of the schools in Malmø.
The fast speed of migration is not the only source of discontent among European voters.
Geert Wilders also promised to cut the military funds to Ukraine and does not want Europe to fight endless wars draining European economy.
Far-right parties are also agitating for better housing for their own populations and better welfare for their ageing populations.
Europe will have to fix its house and more so its borders.
If this does not happen soon, expect the far-right parties of Europe to become the mainstream parties of the future.
Kissinger has many admirers and as many detractors.
But in India he is essentially remembered for being responsible for the worst days of the bilateral relationship.
It is a milestone of sorts.
At age hundred, Henry Kissinger passes into the beyond.
Anwar Sadat is said to have kissed him under a mango tree, in the manner of a brother; Zhou en-Lai can be seen in archival photographs putting choice morsels onto his plate.
(Photo credit: AFP).
Read full story on TOI+.
Two days later the rains will decrease and the weather will turn sunny again through the weekend.
17 the region is likely to see the strongest northeasterly winds so far this season, leading to the first severe cold spell of the winter.
The average daytime temperatures will drop to 15 degrees Celsius or lower in the lowlands and midlands and 13 degrees or lower in upland areas.
site AccuWeather forecast for Hanoi this week is for temperatures to range from 20 to 30 degrees, with some days experiencing rain and uncomfortable humidity.
The central region will generally have dry weather except for Tuesday night and early Wednesday morning when rain will return due to the influence of a weak cold air mass.
Subsequently the weather will become sunny again.
17 this region too is expected to experience thunderstorms as the monsoon intensifies.
The southern and Central Highlands regions have entered their dry season, and will experience sunny weather this week.
Temperatures will range from 33 to 35 degrees in the south and 29 to 31 degrees in the Central Highlands.
The visit is Hun Manet's first to Vietnam since he assumed his position as prime minister in August.
After the ceremony, the two leaders will hold a dialogue and witness the signing of certain documents between the two countries.
The Cambodian PM is expected to meet with other high-ranking Vietnamese leaders and participate in certain activities.
Hun Manet, 46, is the first Cambodian to graduate from U.
Military Academy West Point.
He held the positions of Deputy Commander-in-Chief of the Royal Cambodian Armed Forces and Commander of the Royal Cambodian Army.
Vietnam and Cambodia established diplomatic relations on June 24, 1967.
Bilateral trade turnover reached more than US$10.57 billion last year, an increase of nearly 11% against 2021.
Two-way turnover in the first nine months this year was $6.
Vietnam is currently Cambodia's third largest trading partner and the neighboring country’s largest trading partner in ASEAN.
Vietnam has 205 ongoing investment projects in Cambodia with a total registered capital of $2.94 billion, ranking number one in ASEAN as well as in the top five countries with the largest total direct investment in Cambodia.
Cambodia ranks second among 79 countries and territories in which Vietnam has invested abroad.
The two nations have continued to boost longstanding defense and security cooperation.
They have completed 84% of their border demarcation and marker erection project while continuing to negotiate the remaining 16%.
15 they raided Lucas Palace club on Mac Thai To Street, Cau Giay District, where 16 people were gambling for stakes of as much as VND20 billion (US$825,400).
The Ministry of Public Security said Sunday 11 others are under investigation for organizing the gambling.
Dao Anh Dung, 31, and Tran Xuan Minh, 33, were in charge of running the club.
Dung took people who wanted to gamble to the third floor, while Minh would direct those who wanted to play poker for entertainment to the second.
Vietnamese nationals looking to gamble had to first be regulars on the second floor, while foreigners could go to the gambling tables right away.
The club collected 5% of the total stakes.
Dung used to get 70% of the profits from the gambling and Minh the rest until he brought more customers and increased his share to 50% since September.
Vietnam bans its citizens from all kinds of gambling.
Several casinos are opened for foreigners but have to be registered for the operation.
According to Mai, the Dec.
12-13 visit by Xi takes place at a meaningful time as the two countries are celebrating the 15th anniversary of their comprehensive strategic cooperative partnership.
The visit demonstrates the importance the Chinese Party and State and CPC General Secretary and President of China Xi Jinping attach to Vietnam - China relations.
Economic and trade cooperation continues to be a bright spot in the two countries' relationship, with two-way trade in the first 10 months of 2023 reaching US$139.
China remains Vietnam's largest trading partner and second-largest export market while Vietnam is China's biggest trading partner in ASEAN and eighth largest partner in the world.
In the 11 months of 2023, China invested $3.06 billion in Vietnam, accounting for 18.7% of the total newly licensed foreign investment capital in the country, ranking fourth after Singapore, the Republic of Korea, and China’s Hong Kong.
However, it led in the number of new investment projects in Vietnam with 22.
Cooperation in other fields such as tourism, culture, and education has seen progress.
China has reopened commercial flights to Vietnam.
In the first 11 months, there were 1.5 million Chinese visitors to Vietnam, Mai added.
The diplomat said the Vietnam-China land border maintains peace and stability.
The two sides have closely coordinated to implement legal documents on the two sides' land border while strengthening security and safety management in border areas.
On those days, vehicles will be limited on Ring Road 3, from Nguyen Trai to Vo Van Kiet streets, Hanoi’s Police Department has announced.
From noon to 9:30 p.
12 and from 7:30 a.
13, buses and trucks are prohibited from traveling on certain roads.
Personal cars and motorcycles will also be restricted during those time frames in the districts of Ba Dinh, Hoan Kiem, Dong Da, Cau Giay, Nam Tu Liem, Dong Anh, Soc Son, and Me Linh.
Vehicles subjected to restrictions will be guided to use alternative routes.
It will happen as Vietnam and China commemorate their 15th anniversary of establishing a comprehensive strategic partnership.
This will be Xi's third visit to Vietnam as China's Party General Secretary and president.
At around 2:40 p.
, locals passing through an eroded bypass section in Loc Son Ward saw a motorbike in a sinkhole, and an immobile man lying next to it.
Local authorities later confirmed the man to be 45-year-old Le Do Tuan Hoang.
The road section has been severely eroded since August, with authorities erecting warning signs and barricades on both ends.
However, a representative of Loc Son Commune People's Committee said some people have moved the barricades out of the way to ride their motorbikes through the area.
The bypass in Bao Loc City, which has so far cost VND800 billion (US$33 million), began construction in 2017.
It was supposed to be completed after two years, but construction has stopped since 2019 due to procedure issues and a lack of funds.
The eroded section of the road spans 120 m, with numerous other sinkholes seen in the area.
Bao Loc City People's Committee has discussed the matter with relevant units, but the eroded section has yet to be fixed.
In an interview granted to the press, Vu said Xi's visit on Dec.
Vu underlined three major expectations of both sides during this visit.
Firstly, it is the expectation for a "new positioning" and "new level" of bilateral relations.
Secondly, substantial cooperation outcomes are also expected, said Vu.
Thirdly, there is the expectation about the spillover effect of the visit to all levels, sectors, and people from all walks of life.
Vu highlighted the development of Vietnam - China relations, saying that Vietnam and China have many similarities as they share a border and are Communist party-led socialist countries.
Economic, trade, and investment cooperation between the two sides has been further intensified.
, Japan, and the Republic of Korea.
The two-way trade increased nine times to nearly US$180 billion in 2022 from $20 billion in 2008.
China’s investment in Vietnam rose more than 10 times to $25 billion over the last 15 years.
In 2023, China ranks fourth among countries and territories investing in Vietnam.
People-to-people exchanges and cooperation between localities of Vietnam and China have recorded many practical results.
So far, nearly 60 provinces and cities of Vietnam have set up friendly and cooperative ties with Chinese localities.
Socio-political organizations and localities of both sides have established and periodically organized many cooperation mechanisms and programs.
Before the Covid-19 outbreak, China continuously led in the number of tourists to Vietnam for many years.
Ca Mau has recorded important achievements in socio-economic development in recent years.
Its GRDP in 2023 is estimated to reach more than VND45.4 trillion (US$1.87 billion), up 7.83% year-on-year, exceeding the set plan.
GRDP per capita is estimated at nearly VND70 million, while the province's social investment capital is valued at VND24 trillion.
Nguyen Thi Loan, 30, was sentenced to 15 years in prison by the Hanoi People’s Court on Friday for "obtaining property by fraud.
Loan is currently out on bail as she is raising a small child.
In early 2017, Loan had a romantic relationship with Thanh, 37, who also lives in Hanoi.
By the end of the year, she also began a physical relationship with Tien, 33, who lives in nearby Hung Yen Province.
She maintained relations with both men, and in May 2020, married Tien.
In July the same year, using IVF, Loan became pregnant with her husband Tien.
But in order to secure money for a cryptocurrency investment, Loan hid the fact that she had a husband from Thanh and told him she was pregnant with his child.
She told him she couldn’t marry him because her family would not allow it.
But she also argued that Thanh was responsible for supporting his child financially.
In February 2021, Loan gave birth to a boy.
Prosecutors accused her of forging a fake birth certificate, with Thanh’s family name as the child’s in order to dupe him.
But in reality, the boy officially carried his biological father’s family name.
The newborn boy suffered a variety of illnesses and in January 2022 Loan brought the boy to Thanh’s house, saying the child required money for treatment.
Until June the same year, Loan continued frequently contacting Thanh and his family members, asking them to send money to help her with the boy.
Thanh and his family members sent money into Loan’s account 19 times, totaling over VND2.2 billion in transfers.
After receiving the money, Loan discarded her phone number and cut contact with both Thanh and his family.
Thanh later discovered that Loan was married and had a child with her husband, so he reported the matter to the police.
In court at her trial, Loan said she used the money to invest in Bitcoin, and she could not return the money immediately.
The top legislator described the opening of the Vietnam Town as a new imprint of Vietnam in Thailand.
He expressed his delight that cultural and historical values of Vietnam have been promoted in Thailand, marked by Vietnamese pagodas and three relic sites dedicated to President Ho Chi Minh.
He thanked the administration of Udon Thani and sponsors for supporting the Vietnam Town project.
The Vietnam Town initiative should be multiplied in other suitable localities of Thailand, he said.
Udon Thani Governor Wanchai Kongkasem reviewed the friendship and cooperation between the two countries over the years.
He said that the Vietnamese community has acted as an important factor in promoting the ties between the two countries.
The official said the formation of the Vietnam Town is a symbol of the solidarity, friendship and cooperation between the two countries and peoples.
According to the Vietnamese Association in Udon Thani, the Vietnamese community in the locality comprises about 60,000 people.
The Vietnam Town is located in the Vietnamese market area in the city downtown, with 99% of residents being of Vietnamese origin.
Along with the support of the local administration and Vietnamese in Thailand, the project has received sponsorship from a number of Vietnamese firms at home.
Nguyen Thi Kieu Phuong, 32, visited a phone shop on Nguyen Van Linh Street in Hai Chau District that afternoon.
By then, she was already under surveillance by a police task force.
Phuong bought five iPhone 15 Promax phones, but officers arrested her immediately after she paid for them using a credit card.
She confessed that the card was stolen.
She also gave police a list of her accomplices, Tran Canh Khuong, 30, Nguyen Huu Khanh Vy, 34 and Hanh Chanh Gia Thanh Quang, 26.
All three other suspects were arrested on Friday.
The four are under investigation for property theft.
Police have been following the group for a while now.
Khuong works at a spa in Hai Chau District and often takes advantage of inattentive customers to steal their credit cards.
The four also said they usually entice men to book hotels rooms they recommend.
Once the victims arrive at the businesses, the crooks use their familiarity with the place to steal their cards.
Phuong is allegedly usually tasked with using stolen cards to buy gold and phones and handle all transactions of the group's money, or "credit.
According to a preliminary investigation, the group has stolen at least VND330 million (US$13,600) from different people.
Vietnam imports 3,000 megawatts of electricity from Laos through a 220-kilovolt line.
In October Vietnam Electricity already began laying a 500-kilovolt line spanning 45 kilometers to connect the two countries.
The work, to cost VND1.1trillion ($45.26 million), will be completed by the end of next year when it will increase import capacity to 2,500 MW a year.
Vietnam signed a deal with Laos in 2019 to buy 3,000 MW until 2025 and 5,000 MW a year in 2026-30.
In the first 11 months of this year Vietnam’s imports – also from China -- accounted for 1.5% of total electricity supply.
Gold ring price dropped 0.55 million per tael.
A tael equals 37.
During the early hours of trading in Asia on Monday, global gold prices rebounded from their recent declines, as reported by the financial news outlet FXStreet.
The surge in U.
Treasury yields, fueled by a surprisingly strong U.
labor market, has reduced investor interest in gold.
But the metal has garnered some buying interest, finding support around its two-week low at $1,995.
Gold is now trading around $2,005, marking a modest increase of 0.14% for the day.
Vietcombank sold the dollar at VND24,370, down 0.08% from Sunday.
The State Bank of Vietnam has reduced its reference rate by 0.08% to VND23,932.
The greenback went up 0.16% to VND24,740 on the black market.
It has increased against the dong by 2.70% since the beginning of the year.
Globally, the dollar started Monday on the front foot, with a reading on U.
inflation and the Federal Reserve's last policy meeting for the year likely to set the tone for the week, while rising deflationary pressure in China leant on the yuan, Reuters reported.
The greenback pushed back above 145 yen and last bought 145.12 yen, reversing some of its steep fall against the Japanese currency late last week, as bets grew that the Bank of Japan's ultra-low interest rates policy may be nearing an end.
Sterling dipped 0.2545 and was huddled near Friday's two-week low of $1.
In his first visit to the Southeast Asian country, Nvidia's CEO, Jensen Huang, said the company viewed Vietnam as its home and affirmed its plans to set up a center in the country.
Vietnam, which is home to large chip assembling factories including Intel's biggest globally, is trying to expand into chip designing and possibly chip-making.
The main tactics used by criminals included counterfeiting and account hijacking, among 24 identified fraudulent methods.
AIS has successfully blocked over 4,000 websites and shielded 3.6 million internet users from such fraudulent activities.
Enhancing the legal framework, according to Hung, would enable fintech firms to innovate further and cater to the growing consumer demand.
Nguyen Hoang Long, deputy CEO of Vietnam’s payment gateway Napas, stressed the importance of establishing a code of conduct for banks amid the shift to digital finance.
He emphasized the necessity of standards to protect customer rights during digital transactions, urging for a set of banking system standards to address these concerns.
Professional realtor Nguyen Van Tu bought a 200-sq.
m semi-detached villa at The Phoenix Garden project in Dan Phuong District at a high price in August.
But he was unable to sellthe villa it for VND11.2 billion (US$466,600) when he tried to and now plans to lower the price to VND10.
The price hike was enabled by a further drop in bank loan interest rates and construction of some major roads such as the Belt Road No.
4 and asphalting of existing ones in communes like Dan Phuong and Hoai Duc.
Pham Ngoc Truong, a realtor, said some 240-sq.
m semi-detached villas at Geleximco Le Trong Tan in Hoai Duc sold for VND15-15.5 billion before June, rose to VND16-16.5 billion in July and edged down to around VND16 billion in October.
A glut has caused prices to fall, she said.
Nguyen Van Dinh, president of the Vietnam Association of Realtors, said the wait-and-see attitude of potential buyers is also a reason for the market’s slump.
Prices of land near Belt Road No.
4 in Dan Phuong, Hoai Duc, Thanh Oai, and Me Linh districts have fallen by 20-30% since late 2022.
Speakers and panels also touched on investor perspectives on opportunities in Vietnam and stories on the strategic shift in focus from exponential growth to sustainable profitability.
Throughout the day, many speakers addressed the opportunities and pitfalls of harnessing AI.
According to a car sales staff at Toyota dealerships in the central area of Hanoi, cars priced under VND1 billion (US$40,983) are particularly challenging to sell.
They attribute this trend to the difficult economic conditions and the reluctance of people to spend money on purchasing cars.
Many dealers hope that demand for cars will increase at the end of the year and the market will become boisterous; however, it is so far still quiet.
To reduce their inventory and recover some of their costs, dealers may resort to reducing prices and offering discounts or incentives to attract buyers.
In some cases, they may even have to sell cars at a loss to move inventory and free up capital.
Specifically, Toyota Vietnam has initiated a program starting in December to offer a 50% discount on registration fees for certain car models.
In addition to this discount, there is also a 50% reduction in registration fees for domestically assembled cars as part of the general policy.
This policy will be in effect until the end of 2023.
Honda Vietnam has also announced a 50% registration fee discount program for all car models on sale starting from Dec.
Additionally, domestically produced and assembled vehicles are still receiving 50% registration fee support from the government.
As for Hyundai, the Hyundai Stargazer model had a listed price of VND75-685 million ($23,565-$28,073).
In November, the price was reduced by up to 130 million, but it still faced difficulties in selling.
In December, the price was further reduced by another VND10 million.
Furthermore, the high-end diesel version of the Santa Fe model, which was produced in 2022, is being reduced by VND210 million.
Among the car manufacturers, Toyota Vietnam seems to be the most affected, with a 42% decrease in sales during the first 10 months of 2023, amounting to nearly 30,300 vehicles.
Other brands like Kia, Honda, and Mitsubishi also experienced significant declines, with decreases of 39%, 36%, and 28%, respectively.
Hyundai is another car company facing challenges, with a sales decrease of approximately 25%, equivalent to more than 16,000 vehicles.
These figures suggest that the automotive market in Vietnam is currently facing obstacles and uncertainties.
Economist Ngo Tri Long said that the selling prices of many car models have reached their lowest level in nearly 10 years in 2023.
The difficulties are expected to continue into 2024.
High inventory levels can also be a challenge for auto businesses.
The southeast Asian country, which is home to large chip assembling factories including Intel's biggest globally, is trying to expand into chip designing and possibly chip-making.
FPT, Vingroup, the parent company of electric vehicles maker VinFast and Viettel said they would attend the meeting on Monday with Nvidia but declined to comment about any possible deal.
An industry source familiar with the preparations of the meeting said Nvidia was expected to agree on a tech transfer deal with at least one Vietnamese company.
Gold ring price downed 0.75 million per tael.
Globally, gold retreated back under $2,000 an ounce on Friday as the dollar and Treasury yields strengthened after traders trimmed bets for U.
interest rate cuts to materialize by March following stronger-than-expected jobs data, Reuters reported.
Spot gold fell 1.49 per ounce after hitting a session low of $1,994.
Prices were down 3.4% so far for their worst week in ten.
gold futures settled 1.6% lower at $2,014.
The upgrade reflects Vietnam's favorable medium-term growth outlook, underpinned by robust foreign direct investment inflows, the U.
-based rating agency said in a note.
Policy buffers are sufficient to manage near-term risks, it said.
Fitch forecast medium-term growth of around 7%.
The country upgraded its ties with the U.
to a comprehensive strategic partnership in September, which could facilitate greater U.
Foreign exchange reserves improved modestly to $89 billion as of end-September 2023 after a sharp drop in 2022,partly reflecting some return of capital flows and a larger trade surplus.
The country’s external debt composition remains favorable, with bilateral and multilateral borrowing accounting for most of it.
But GDP growth is set to fall from 8% last year to 4.8% this year due to headwinds in the near term owing to a weaker external environment and some spillover to domestic demand from property sector stresses.
But it will likely pick up to 6.
Engineering verification for test production of an iPad model will start around mid-February and the model will be available in the second half of next year, it said.
Apple and BYD did not immediately respond to Reuters's request for comment.
Apple suppliers including Luxshare and Foxconn also invested in the Southeast Asian country earlier this year to further diversify production away from China.
Tai bought 110,000 MWG shares between Nov.
7, during which a share averaged VND39,841.
He is estimated to have spent VND4.4 billion on them.
The purchase increased his ownership in the company to 2.
In early November Tai registered to buy one million shares of his own company after foreign investors repeatedly dumped the stock.
Investment fund Dragon Capital, for example, had net sold over 4.1 million MWG shares.
Tai, however, has yet to give up on his plan.
He has now registered to buy 500,000 more shares from Dec.
He told shareholders last month that his cash reserve was ready to make the purchase but did not make the transaction due to being busy with work.
November marked the six month in a row that foreign investors had dumped MWG, having sold 76 million shares net through order-matching.
The stock has plunged 30% since early September.
The fact that foreign investors are net selling, however, can be an opportunity for others, Tai said.
Any company can go through tough times, and this is when investors’ trust is tested, he said, adding that those who believe in Mobile World should take this opportunity to buy more.
Unofficial exchange points sold the greenback at VND24,700, up 0.20% from Friday.
Vietcombank kept the dollar stable at VND24,390.
The State Bank of Vietnam maintained its reference rate at VND23,951.
The dollar has increased against the dong by 2.78% since the beginning of the year.
Globally, the dollar rose on Friday after new data showed U.
job growth accelerated in November and the unemployment rate dropped, pointing to underlying strength in the labor market, Reuters reported.
dollar index was last up 0.0, on track for a modest weekly gain after a bruising November, in which it shed 3%.
52% lower against the dollar at 144.35, following its biggest rally in almost a year the day before.
Ngoc, a senior banker, put her 38.4-square-meter house in HCMC’s Phu Nhuan District on sale in early October, but has now decided to wait.
She was offering it at VND5.3 billion (US$ 211,100), 20% less than in 2021, and was even willing to come down to VND5 billion.
But she was unable to sell it, with most buyers haggling down the price to VND3.
She said: "The house is not in use, so I just wanted to get my money back.
I am not under any pressure to cut losses.
Phuc of HCMC’s Thu Duc City has stopped trying to sell a land plot in Thu Dau Mot City he had bought for VND3.6 billion in 2021.
He said: "At the price I was offering, I would have incurred a VND400 million loss, but buyers were asking me to lower the price further.
So I decided to just wait for the market to recover.
In the townhouse segment, most deals were called off because owners hiked their prices.
Meanwhile, amendments are being made to the laws which will severely restrict the division of lands into smaller lots.
This is likely to push up the prices of small plots of land, and so many owners are choosing to wait until they take effect in January 2025.
The director of a real estate brokerage in HCMC’s Nha Be District said many deals, some very close to completion, have fallen through in recent times.
Property owners have become optimistic now that buyers are flocking to the market, he claimed.
According to a report by real estate agency DKRA Group, price cuts of 30-35% were much less common in the land and townhouse segments in November.
Average prices in those segments in HCMC are down 3-10% from a year ago.
Realtor and developer Dat Xanh company said prices of apartments and townhouses are up 2-3% in some locations on the secondary market.
But the market would make a very gradual U-shaped recovery, meaning it would take until late 2024, he said.
Investors should not hope for a dramatic turnaround next year, he warned.
Le Hoang Chau, president of the HCMC Real Estate Association, said the property market still has to overcome a lot of difficulties to fully recover.
Ngo Quang Phuc, CEO of real estate company Phu Dong Group, said it would take six to 12 months for the market to recover.
There are four round-trips a week on Monday, Wednesday, Friday, and Sunday on the Hanoi-Jakarta route, with a flight time of more than four hours per leg.
The airline operates seven return flights on the Phu Quoc-Busan route, with a flight duration of five hours and 30 minutes.
According to a Vietjet representative, the new routes are opened for Vietjet to take advantage of the year-end travel season.
The number of foreign visitors to Vietnam so far this year has topped 11.2 million, far higher than the full-year target of eight million, according to the Vietnam National Administration of Tourism.
South Korea has remained the largest source of tourists (3.2 million) this year, followed by mainland China (1.
"President Xi Jinping's Vietnam visit is very important," Hoang Nhan Chinh, secretariat director of the Vietnam Tourism Advisory Board, said.
"We hope that after this visit the Chinese tourist market will reach a recovery rate of 80% - 90% in 2024.
In 2019, the year before the onset of the Covid pandemic, China was Vietnam's biggest source of tourists with 5.8 million arrivals.
But the number has plummeted post-pandemic.
In the first 11 months of this year only 1.5 million Chinese visitors came, or 28.8% of pre-pandemic levels.
Chinh said the Chinese tourist market's recovery rate has been "quite slow" compared to other major markets.
The number of visitors from the U.
3% of pre-pandemic levels, while South Korea (83.4%) and Taiwan (89.6%) have also recovered strongly, according to data from the Vietnam National Administration of Tourism.
Pham Hai Quynh, director of the Institute of Asian Tourism Development, said President Xi's visit would positively impact the tourism industry.
"The potential of the Chinese tourism market in Vietnam could increase again next year if there are policies to promote tourism cooperation effectively.
According to industry insiders, Vietnam needs to do more to get Chinese tourists back.
Pham Hong Long, a tourism expert, said Chinese tourists are more circumspect about choosing their travel destinations after the pandemic and seek safe and friendly places.
"Vietnam needs to promote itself as a safe, friendly and welcoming destination for Chinese tourists.
Chinh said Vietnamese destinations need to be marketed more to Chinese tourists.
Tourism promotion campaigns on WeChat and Weibo, the largest social media sites in the world's second most populous country, should be expanded, he said.
Vietnam should consider opening tourism promotion offices in China’s major centers and organizing Vietnamese cultural festivals in key locations in China, he added.
They spend an average of US$1,850 on a trip, the third highest in the Asia-Pacific region after Australians ($3,370) and Singaporeans ($2,440).
Xi and his wife, Peng Liyuan, will make a two-day state visit from Dec.
Xi's third visit to Vietnam as Party general secretary and president will coincide with the 15th anniversary of the two countries establishing a comprehensive strategic partnership.
The British will be greeted with train strikes, high prices and frozen runways causing delays, comparably locals in Vietnam will face unending traffic and elevated prices for flights.
It begs the question, how do both countries stack up against each other for domestic travel?.
21, 1804, the U.
was propelled into industrial age when Richard Trevithick's steam locomotive completed the first-ever steam-powered train journey.
Britain was undoubtedly the forefront for railway engineering.
Fast-forward two centuries and a return train journey from Liverpool to Leeds will now cost US$53.3 million) for a journey that takes less than one and half hours.
But it's okay, there will be stable wifi, guaranteed seats and reliable punctuality, right? These expectations are considered luxuries in modern-day railway travel across the U.
According to The Guardian: "Rail passengers have been delayed or disrupted on more than half of all train services departing from 15 of Great Britain’s busiest stations in the last year.
" Traveling by train in the United Kingdom has gone from being exemplary to shambolic in the last few decades.
A soft-sleeper cabin on this journey will cost approximately $62 and takes around 32 hours.
Undoubtedly slower than U.
trains, but less than $10 more to travel 1,727 km compared to the 105 km journey between Liverpool in Leeds in the U.
Passengers will also get to enjoy the spectacular view as it makes it way along the coastline.
Domestic flights.
The more popular mode of transport for intercity travel within Vietnam are domestic flights.
According to Vietnam Airlines, you can fly between Vietnam's two major cities for as little as VND798,000 ($33) one-way.
Whereas, a flight between Edinburgh and London will cost you around $20 according to Skyscanner, significantly cheaper, although the flight time is on average 50 minutes less.
The cheaper price within the U.
Additionally, you’d better hope you ate prior to departure, as there’s a slim chance of receiving any food or drink for less than $10 during your flight.
Due to the frequency of domestic flights available, the affordability and the difference in size between the two countries, it’s a far more viable option in Vietnam.
A National Express bus from London to Manchester takes approximately 5 hours and 20 minutes and costs $8.70 according their website, whereas a bus journey of a similar duration between Hanoi and Sa Pa is listed as VND400,000 ($16.51) on the Vexere app.
However, the variety of options in the type of bus available in Vietnam is a stark contrast compared to the fixed option of the 49-seater standard coach in the U.
The huge caveat to this is undoubtedly the question of safety.
Traffic accidents are a leading cause of death in Vietnam with nearly one fatality ever hour on average and these sleeper buses have been described as "death on wheels" by many in the past.
The convenience, flexibility and cheap cost of buses in Vietnam is unquestionable, however you truly cannot put a price on your own safety.
Therefore, I would personally favor a domestic bus journey within the U.
*Darren Barnard is from the U.
and living in Vietnam.
"Vietnam this year has consistently grown in attractiveness to travelers around the world – with the nation becoming ever more accessible," said Lam Vu, Country Director Vietnam at Agoda.
"The popularity of Vietnam has also increased because of liberalizing visa policies," Vu added.
Agoda’s report also matched this year’s data for international visitors to Vietnam.
South Korea has become the largest source of foreign visitors this year with 3.2 million arrivals while the U.
was the fourth biggest market (658,000) after mainland China and Taiwan.
Japan and Thailand were among the top 10 biggest tourism markets for Vietnam’s inbound tourism.
Vietnam received 1.23 million foreign visitors in November, the highest monthly number since it reopened its borders after Covid in March last year as the country has made breakthroughs in tourism policies.
15, Vietnam's new immigration policy accepts e-visa applications from citizens from all countries and territories, with the visa valid for multiple entries and for 90 days.
The number of foreign arrivals so far this year has topped 11.2 million and the country is striving to receive 13 million by the end of this year.
The policy so far covers hundreds of millions of travelers from over a dozen countries and will make it cheaper for them to get a visa to travel to China.
The visa fee for Vietnamese citizens entering China starts from US$45.
The route now operates three two-way flights per week, using modern wide-body aircraft Boeing 787.
He expressed the hope that the new air route will serve as a catalyst for promoting investment cooperation activities between the two countries.
Vietnam Airlines will increase the frequency to five flights per week in 2024, Tung said, adding that the firm has planned to open one more route connecting Perth and Hanoi.
He showed his optimism about the prospect of operating five or seven flights per week between Perth and Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City.
According to Ball, the number of Vietnamese tourists visiting Australia is expected to increase to approximately 270,000 by 2028.
Nurul Jannah Abdullah, 52, will face a jail term of six months if she fails to pay the fine, The Star reported.
The hair salon owner admitted to her crime for failing to display the price list for hair styling services offered in her salon at Jalan Bukit Bintang on April 11.
In April, a viral video on TikTok showed a tourist from the U.
having an argument with the barber after being charged RM120 for a haircut.
The tourist said the service there was too expensive and unreasonable as locals later told them that the haircut should have cost RM50 at most.
The video has garnered over 700,000 views, with many criticizing exorbitant service prices in Malaysia, promoting authorities to launch an investigation.
The incident affected the country’s tourism sector, and it went viral on social media gaining the public’s attention, according to reports.
This recipe serves about 6 to 8 people, takes approximately an hour to prepare, and provides around 4,700 calories in total.
- 800 grams sticky rice.
To make tasty sticky rice, choose varieties like nep cai hoa vang - yellow flower sticky rice or Tu Le sticky rice.
- 700 grams pork belly.
- 200 grams cha lua - pork rolls.
- Fish sauce, salt, sugar, caramel sauce, powder stock, pepper, and lime.
- Fried shallots and pickles for serving.
Prepare sticky rice.
- Soak 2 cups of sticky rice in water with a pinch of salt for 6-8 hours to help it absorb moisture, ensuring a better texture and consistency when cooked.
- Rinse and drain the rice.
This helps make the rice plump and soft.
Prepare the pork.
- Wash the pork belly, pat it dry, then sear the skin.
- Cut pork belly into small pieces.
- Blanch the meat to remove impurities.
- Marinate with a teaspoon of fish sauce, a pinch of salt, sugar, and pepper.
- Let it rest for about 30 minutes.
Prepare other ingredients.
- Peel and slice the shallots into rings.
- Wash the cucumbers, keep the skin on, and then cut them into thin slices.
Cooking process.
Cook the sticky rice.
To achieve soft and shiny sticky rice, you need to cook it twice.
Boiling the sticky rice two to three times over heat is the secret to achieving shiny and soft sticky rice grains.
For the first cook:.
- Boil water, then spread the sticky rice in a pot evenly.
- Create holes for ventilation.
- Cover the rice with a cloth or clean towel.
This prevents water from stagnating and making the rice soggy.
- Open the lid occasionally to let steam escape, and stir the rice for even cooking.
- After cooking for 30-35 minutes and reaching 80% doneness, remove the sticky rice.
- Spread it evenly on a tray, and let it cool.
This process allows the rice to ensure softness when reheated, even after an extended period.
- If making a large batch, divide the cooled sticky rice into meal-sized boxes and freeze it.
- Lightly moisten the sticky rice with cold water, gently fluff it up.
- Place it on the stove for an additional 15-20 minutes.
During this period, the sticky rice grains will absorb water, becoming soft and glossy.
Braising the meat twice enhances its color and flavor.
Braised dishes generally require a two-step cooking process for a beautiful color and enhanced flavor.
- Stir the meat over medium heat to solidify the marinade, allowing it to penetrate the meat fibers.
- Add hot water, bring to a boil, skim off any foam, then reduce heat and simmer.
- Boil the eggs.
Peel the skin and fry the eggs until golden brown.
- Lightly fry the pork rolls to firm the surface.
- Add eggs and pork rolls in the stew.
- Adjust seasoning to taste.
- After about 20 minutes, turn off the stove and let it cool.
This helps the meat, eggs, and pork rolls develop vibrant colors when braised for the second time.
For the second cook:.
- Before serving, reheat the pot until the meat is tender, the eggs and patties absorb the flavor, resulting in an amber-colored, slightly viscous stock.
Make fried shallots.
Northern-style braised meat often includes dried shallots for a unique flavor.
In the past, dried shallot skins were used to save money and add a distinctive chewy taste.
- Check if the oil is hot, then add the shallots, stir occasionally until even.
- Once 80% done (firm, slightly yellow), turn off heat.
- Quickly place the shallots on oil-absorbing cooking paper or a strainer to cool, resulting in golden, crispy onions.
- The shallot oil can be stored to use later for other dishes.
Make cucumber pickles.
- Sprinkle a pinch of salt on the cucumbers and let it marinate for some time to release its water content.
- Squeeze out the water to enhance the cucumbers’ crispiness.
- Add a tablespoon of sugar, a teaspoon of vinegar (or lime juice), along with chillies and garlic to suit your taste.
Finished product:.
Place hot sticky rice in a bowl, top it with braised pork, pork rolls and egg, then drizzle with a tablespoon of flavorful braised meat sauce.
Add fried shallots and pickles for additional taste.
The sticky rice is soft and shiny while the braised meat is tender and succulent.
The savory eggs and pork belly are complemented by the rich braised sauce.
This dish is a comforting and convenient choice for breakfast during colder weather.
Some eateries may include extra toppings like pate and sausage to enhance flavor and richness.
Some passengers hit the cabin ceiling.
Images shared on social media showed a crack in the ceiling of the cabin.
A passenger wrote on X, formerly Twitter, it was the "worst flight" between the two cities.
"Genuinely felt that was the end as we hit the ceiling to ground twice and smashed the ceiling in.
Glad to be home," wrote handle @MattRPD.
The injured passengers were then assisted by the flight crew and medically trained volunteers on board, with additional medical support provided via satellite link, the Independent reported.
The plane later landed safely in Dubai.
Turbulence is caused by eddies of "rough air.
" The Federal Aviation Administration defines clear-air turbulence as "sudden severe turbulence occurring in cloudless regions that causes violent buffeting of aircraft.
Back in August, 11 people were hospitalized after a Delta Air Lines flight from Italy to Atlanta encountered severe turbulence.
And in June, a British Airways flight attendant needed surgery after another incident of turbulence.
Yokohama FC are the only team to get relegated after a 2-1 defeat to Kashima Antlers in the final fixture of the 2023 J1 League this month.
For Phuong, the sadness was doubled, as he has been an outsider at the club this past season.
Phuong joined Yokohama at the end of 2022 after his contract with Vietnamese club HAGL expired.
The 29-year-old had high expectations for this abroad spell and brought his wife and child to Japan for extra support.
However, in 34 matches of the 2023 J1 League, Phuong was not registered even once.
He was only registered twice in the League Cup and appeared once as a substitute, playing a few seconds in the defeat to Nagoya Grampus in April.
Yokohama did not use Phuong on the field but instead used his popularity to attract Vietnamese fans.
He appeared in a food advertising poster of the club in February.
Phuong’s contract with Yokohama still has two years to run.
Many experts as well as his friends have advised him to save his career by going back to Vietnam.
However, Phuong still wants to stay in Japan to find opportunities because this is likely his last time playing football abroad.
Phuong, a product of the HAGL-Arsenal JMG Academy, used to be one of Vietnam's most promising football talents.
In 2016, Phuong played for Mito Hollyhock in the J2 League.
He then had spells at South Korean club Incheon United and Belgian club Sint-Truiden in 2019, but all were unsuccessful.
If Phuong stays in Japan, he is most likely to continue to be absent from the national football team.
The last time Phuong was called up to the national team was in September.
Although he scored a goal to help Vietnam defeat Palestine 2-0 in a FIFA Days match on Sept.
11, he was criticized by head coach Philippe Troussier, who said he lacked enthusiasm.
After that, he was not called up for the October and November training periods.
Compared to J1, the J2 League is considered more suitable for Phuong.
However, this is still a big challenge for the Vietnamese forward because he failed to leave his mark on the league seven years ago.
At the age of 29, Phuong's form has dropped because he often has to sit on the bench.
The incident occurred in the 34th minute when CAHN were leading 1-0 and Nam Dinh were awarded a throw-in.
Nam Dinh defender Tran Van Kien was bending to pick up the ball when Gong stopped him with his leg.
Kien could be seen hitting Gong with his elbow, which apparently angered Gong even more before other players and staff got in the middle of the altercation.
He continued to shout at Kien and even took off his jacket in frustration.
Referee Nguyen Dinh Thai then gave both Gong and Kien a yellow card.
Gong said after the match that he had reacted that way because Kien had hit him in the chest.
"Should I just have stood there?" he said.
"That’s a pretty rude act.
I have told my players to absolutely do no such things.
After the match, the Nam Dinh player came to see me and apologized, so it is a situation not worth mentioning.
CAHN led by two goals thanks to successful shots by Bui Hoang Viet Anh in the 30th minute and Nguyen Quang Hai in the 75th.
But Nam Dinh came back strongly in the second half to equalize thanks to Rafaelson Bezerra Fernandes in the 85th minute and Nguyen Van Toan in the 88th.
The game was coach Gong’s second with CAHN, after he signed with the club in October.
They lost 3-1 to Hai Phong in the previous game and are standing fourth in the V.
League table, with Nam Dinh on top.
Gong, 49, coached Vietnam at the U23 Asian Cup in 2022, with two draws and a win in the group stage before a 2-0 elimination in the semifinals to Saudi Arabia, who went on to win the event.
Gong parted ways with the team after the competition ended.
Ten Hag's side slumped to an embarrassing 3-0 defeat that underlined the array of problems threatening to ruin United's season.
Just three days after beating Chelsea to revive their bid for a top-four finish in the Premier League, United reverted to the sloppy form that has plagued them for much of the campaign.
Goals from Dominic Solanke, Philip Billing, and Marcos Senesi handed Bournemouth a memorable win as Ten Hag and his players were booed off at full-time.
With the pressure mounting on Ten Hag with each defeat in his troubled second season as United boss, the Dutchman slammed his team's lackluster performance.
"Of course, annoyed and disappointed.
I expected something different," Ten Hag said.
"I hoped before the game you can build on the performance and result from Chelsea, so then it's very disappointing.
"That (consistency) is of course the question, but I think we have to always be ready for the game, so I have to take the responsibility for that.
"I have to prepare my team so that they are ready for the game, so from my point of view I'm very disappointed with the way we started so I have to do things better.
United have now lost 35 home league games since Alex Ferguson retired at the end of the 2012-13 title-winning season.
During the iconic 26-year reign of the Scottish manager, United were only beaten in the league at Old Trafford 34 times.
Ten Hag shouldered much of the responsibility for United's 11th defeat in all competitions this term.
But alarmingly for United fans, the former Ajax boss conceded he did not believe his squad were consistent enough to thrive at the highest level.
'We are not good enough'.
"We are inconsistent.
We have the abilities to do it, but you have to do it every game and every third day," he said.
"I think as a squad we are not good enough to be consistent and we have to work as a squad to improve that.
It was an eye-catching remark at the end of a week that began with reports that some United players had grown unhappy with the manager.
Ten Hag denied those claims but, with his team mired in sixth place, he desperately needs some positive results quickly.
United host Bayern Munich in the Champions League next week knowing they must win to have any chance of progressing to the last 16.
A trip to in-form Liverpool in the Premier League follows the Bayern clash.
"As a group, we have to improve," Ten Hag said.
"That's a fact.
We have to get tougher so that we are ready for the game from the start.
"I said on Friday, it can't be in this league that you are not playing on the highest levels because you get killed.
"That's what happened in the five minutes and then you are following facts and especially against them, such a good transition team, you make life easy for them.
They have the perfect conditions to play in.
"Then you see the team fighting, battling, putting a lot of effort in for a long period to return in the game, but it can't happen that you so easily concede a goal.
Now, nearly five months later, the official Messi jersey, sporting his number 10, remains wait-listed in most sizes on the Adidas website.
Messi joined the American club in July this year on a two-and-a-half year contract and immediately took the U.
His jersey is always sold out and in short supply amid huge demand.
Ticket prices for Inter Miami matches have also skyrocketed.
Messi had an immediate impact with his club winning the Leagues Cup.
They won all seven matches in the tournament, which featured teams from the U.
, Canada and Mexico.
The Leagues Cup was Miami's first title in the five years since its establishment.
In 14 games for Miami, Messi scored 11 goals and had five assists.
Miami also reached the National Cup final but lost to Houston Dynamo 1-2.
The Argentinian did not play in the match due to an injury.
30 Messi won his eighth Ballon d'Or, the most by anyone.
He also became the first player to win the most prestigious individual award in football while playing in the U.
He was Time's Athlete of the Year in 2023.
ONE Fight Night 17 was the final event of the Asia’s largest martial arts series this year: ONE Championship.
Nhat made his return to the competition after a four-year absence.
Prior to that, the Vietnamese fighter, known as "No.
1," after his Vietnamese name, had two victories at the 2019 ONE Championship but couldn't continue due to Covid-19 and personal reasons.
Nhat’s opponent, Puric, is a 38-year-old fighter with both Bosnian and Canadian nationality.
Puric took no time moving into "beast mode," delivering powerful strikes and closing in on Nhat at the very start of the fight.
In the first round, the Bosnian fighter landed more accurate kicks and punches than Nhat.
In the second round, both fighters engaged in fierce exchanges of strikes.
Nhat attempted a high kick, but Puric countered with a powerful punch to the face, which made the Vietnamese fighter stumble and fall to the canvas.
The referee immediately started the countdown and awarded the knockout victory to Puric.
With this result, Nhat suffered his first defeat in the ONE Championship arena after three fights, while Puric increased his number of wins to two.
Vietnam were out of players at the Cup in Sharm El Sheikh once Tran Thanh Luc was eliminated in the round of 16 and Vinh was beaten in the quarterfinals on Friday night.
The defeat shut down Vinh’s goal of winning both the World Championship and World Cup in the same year.
In the quarterfinal, Vinh was four places above Kim in the world ranking, but the South Korean simply played better.
The two players were neck and neck until Kim scored 11 points in a row to lead 22-11.
From that point on, Vinh failed to maintain form and allowed his opponent to widen the gap.
In 13 turns, Vinh only scored five points, while Kim scored 32.
With a big gap on the scoreboard, the only pressure Vinh was able to put on his opponent was improving his performance slightly at the end of the match.
Vinh ended up losing 22-50 with an average of only 0.956 points per turn, his poorest performance in this tournament.
Earlier on Friday, Thanh Luc faced 17-year-old prodigy Burak Hashas of Turkey in the round of 16.
At one point, Luc let Hashas lead 45-33, but gradually closed the gap to 44-49.
However, there was no comeback for Luc, as Hashas scored the victory point in the 36th turn to win 50-44.
The 2023 Three-Cushion World Cup has six events this year with two Vietnamese players reaching the semifinals at the event in Porto, Portugal.
Tran Quyet Chien emerged as the champion, while Chiem Hong Thai secured third place.
In Egypt, both Chien and Thai were eliminated in the group stage.
Ranked ninth in the world, Vinh was favored over Morales, a Colombian player ranked 169th.
Their form in the 2023 Three-Cushion World Cup is also different, with the Vietnamese player averaging 1.604 points per turn compared to Morales' 1.
The round of 16 match between the two highlighted this difference.
Vinh quickly took an 8-2 lead.
Morales, the lowest-ranked player in the round of 16, surprisingly reversed the situation and came back to lead 21-16.
However, the world championship winner showed his skills with a nine-point series to then lead 37-29.
Vinh maintained the lead until the end of the match and achieved an average of 1.923 points per turn.
In the quarterfinals, Vinh will face South Korea’s Kim Jun-tae.
Kim previously reached the semifinals of the Three-Cushion World Cup in Las Vegas and Ho Chi Minh City this year, while Vinh has never reached this stage before.
The South Korean player is currently ranked 13th in the world and eliminated Vietnam’s number one player Tran Quyet Chien in the group stage.
Kim's average score this year is 1.670 points per turn, slightly higher than Vinh's.
The Three-Cushion World Cup in Egypt is the sixth and final world cup of this year, taking place from Dec.
Vinh, 28, is Vietnam's first Three-Cushion World Championship winner, a feat that he achieved in just over a year of international competition.
At the two previous Three-Cushion World Cup tournaments, he was eliminated in the group stage.
The award ceremony was held on Dec.
5, Thai Father’s Day.
This is an award to honor outstanding fathers who have a kind heart and are role models for their children.
As Kiatisuk was busy with his job as the head coach at V.
League club HAGL, he was unable to return to Thailand to receive the award.
"The ‘National Exemplary Father’ is an award that I never thought I would have the honor to receive.
Because of my job in Vietnam, I was unable to return to Thailand.
This award will forever be my pride," Kiatisuk wrote on Instagram.
The 50-year-old coach also received many wishes from his assistants, players and fans on Thai Father's Day.
Kiatisuk and his wife Asarapa got married in 2022 after having three daughters together.
During his 18-year career as a striker, Kiatisuk scored 251 goals in 339 appearances.
He used to play for HAGL from 2002 to 2006, helping the Central Highlands club be promoted to V.
League 1, then winning the title in 2003 and 2004.
In 2006, he coached and played for the club at the same time and retired at the end of the season.
In 2010, he returned to coach HAGL but failed to achieve good results.
At the end of 2020, Kiatisuk was appointed as the head coach of HAGL.
Currently, he’s residing with his wife in Vietnam.
The couple often return to Thailand to visit their family or to England to visit their two daughters who are studying there.
HAGL are at the bottom of V.
League this season, having won only two points after four matches.
The 22-time Grand Slam champion will make his return from a near year-long injury absence at the Australian Open warm-up event in Brisbane next month.
The 37-year-old had previously suggested he would hang up his racquet at the end of 2024.
"There's every chance that it's going to be my last year and I'm going to enjoy the tournaments in that way," Nadal said in a video posted on his social media accounts.
"I don't want to announce it because in the end I don't know what can happen and I have to give myself the opportunity not to say one thing as then I'll be a slave to what I said.
"I think it makes no sense.
Nadal was named on the entry list for the Australian Open earlier on Thursday ahead of the start of the first Grand Slam tournament of the year on January 14.
The Spaniard has not played since a second-round loss to American MacKenzie McDonald at Melbourne Park 11 months ago.
He twice needed surgery after struggling with a hip injury and has slipped to 664th in the world rankings while sidelined.
After weeks of 'Will he-won't he?' speculation linking the Spanish world number three with a move to LIV, Rahm announced his decision to leave the PGA Tour in an interview with Fox News.
"As you can see now it's official, this is me finally saying after all the rumors.
I have officially joined LIV Golf," Rahm told the U.
LIV Golf issued a statement saying details for a team captained by Rahm in the coming season, which starts on Feb.
2 at LIV Golf Mayakoba in Mexico, will be released soon.
His move comes as the PGA Tour and the Saudi backers of LIV Golf attempt to finalise the details of their bombshell merger announced in June.
A deadline of Dec.
31 has been set to agree a framework for the new PGA-LIV joint venture.
"LIV Golf is here to stay," LIV Golf Chief Operating Officer Lawrence Burian said in a statement.
"The addition of Jon reemphasizes that our League is not slowing down.
We are continuing to invest and build aggressively for LIV's long-term and exciting future.
The possibility of Rahm jumping ship to LIV had once seemed unthinkable.
"I laugh when people rumor me with LIV.
I've never liked the format," Rahm said earlier this year.
Asked in his Fox interview on Thursday about his past criticism of LIV's 54-hole, shotgun start format he said he'd be discussing it with LIV officials, but had made his peace with it.
'Ambitious, not greedy'.
"I know captains have a say and I know they listen to their players, right," Rahm, clad in a LIV Golf jacket for his remote interview, said.
"You're part of the organization.
So, I'm looking forward to actually having some conversations and giving them my opinion and maybe seeing some changes for the best in the future.
"I'm an ambitious person, but I'm not a greedy one," Rahm said.
"I know I can't have everything.
So there's some things I'll have to sacrifice and for right now, that seems one that I can live with.
In February last year, Rahm had given a categorical assurance he would remain with the PGA Tour, saying he pledged "fealty" to the established circuit.
On Thursday Rahm expressed gratitude to PGA Tour players, notably Patrick Cantlay, Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods, who had been in the trenches defending the PGA Tour.
In a separate conference call on Thursday, Rahm said he was prepared for the inevitable criticism of his move.
"I'm very comfortable with my decision," Rahm said.
"I'm no stranger to hearing some negative things on social media or in media.
It's part of what it is, we're public figures but you just learn to deal with it right?.
"This certainly won't define who I am or change who I am.
In a press statement on Monday the Football Association of Singapore said it has signed a letter of interest to consider hosting the tournaments jointly with its Indonesian counterpart.
"This letter of intent has been submitted to FIFA.
This letter of intent is exploratory at this stage.
The bid, if any, will need to be further developed with FIFA, PSSI, and for consensus to be sought with agencies in Singapore.
Host countries qualify for the tournaments by default, which means Singapore can compete in a FIFA youth tournament for the first time if the bid is accepted.
"I believe Singapore and Indonesia can be good hosts," The Strait Times quoted Indonesian President Joko Widodo as saying.
The last time Singapore competed in an international tournament was 2010, when their U15 team won a bronze medal at the Youth Olympics.
The U17 World Cup will become an annual event from 2025.
The latest U17 World Cup was held in four cities in Indonesia from Nov.
2, with Germany lifting the cup.
Indonesia won the hosting rights for the 2023 U20 World Cup, but there were protests in the country against Israel’s participation, and the tournament was moved to Argentina.
In a recent podcast on The Strait Times, former Sport Singapore CEO Lim Teck Yin said Singapore is capable of hosting a World Cup tournament.
"The capacity levels that are required for that, in a matter of the next decade, Singapore will have those.
"Hanoi FC made history against the giant, the strongest club in Japan," Siam Sport wrote.
"Urawa had never before lost to a Southeast Asian club in the AFC Champions League.
Since 2007, Urawa have won seven matches and drawn only one against Southeast Asian teams, scoring 41 and conceding only six goals.
In the first leg of the AFC Champions League group stage this season, Urawa dominated Hanoi 6-0 at home.
Thus, the recent loss against Hanoi left most observers at a loss.
After Alexander Scholz's penalty in the 10th minute was blocked by goalkeeper Nguyen Van Hoang, Urawa conceded a goal in the 53rd minute with Dao Van Nam scoring from a header.
Striker Bryan Linssen kept Urawa’s hope alive in the 65th minute with an equalizer.
But a late-game mistake by Urawa's defense gave Hanoi a penalty and Pham Tuan Hai made no mistake putting ball to net, securing the 2-1 win for Hanoi.
The unprecedented defeat eliminated defending champions Urawa from the current AFC Champions League season.
"Hanoi end Urawa's reign," Asian Football Confederation wrote.
"Tuan Hai slotted in the penalty for a famous win.
Urawa dominated the game with 66.7% possession, including 21 shots with six on target, compared to Hanoi's 10 shots and four on target.
But the favorites couldn’t capitalize for the win against the hungry Vietnamese squad’s show of underdog heart.
"The dream of winning the AFC Champions League two consecutive seasons is shattered," Soccer King wrote.
Urawa have seven points and thus placed second in group J without making the top three best second-place teams to enter the round of 16.
Japan had expected more of its hometown heroes.
Tokyo Sports reported that Urawa's historic loss caused an uproar on social networks.
A series of disappointed criticisms aimed at the club and its players flooded online outlets and forums.
"I'm very disappointed because we didn't win despite all our efforts," the 37-year-old goalkeeper said.
Defender Scholz blamed himself for missing a penalty at the beginning of the match.
But he also said he did not think it was the main reason for the defeat.
"We lost because of a corner and a penalty," he said.
"I apologize to all the fans for not being able to win.
The 31-year-old keeper for V.
League club CAHN, whose birth name is Filip Nguyen, has become Nguyen Filip in his Vietnamese avatar.
He wrote on his Facebook page: "I'm happy to announce that I have become a Vietnamese citizen.
Thank you all for your support.
The deadline for submitting the list is Dec.
He was voted the best keeper in the Czech First League in the 2018-19 season.
He had expressed his desire to represent Vietnam while still playing in the Czech Republic.
But the naturalization process was not simple since he was still playing abroad.
After signing for CAHN earlier this year and living in Vietnam, his Vietnamese improved, and the naturalization process moved quickly.
Filip was called up to the Czechian national team but was not put in any game, and so is eligible to represent Vietnam.
Troussier has for long had an eye on Filip, and watched several of CAHN’s games.
Japan are one of the favorites for the tournament in Qatar, which kicks off on Jan.
12, after winning their last eight games including away victories over Germany and Turkey.
The coach is expected to have everyone available when he names his Asian Cup squad in early January and he wants his players to be ready for any challenge.
"We want to be perfect from the first game but have to be prepared to grow with each match, and also to be able to deal with injuries and other things," he said.
Moriyasu did not call up any players based in Britain, Italy or Spain for the Thailand game but he did name players from French, German, Belgian and Dutch clubs.
Monaco playmaker Takumi Minamino, Borussia Monchengladbach defender Kou Itakura and Feyenoord striker Ayase Ueda were all included.
Sint-Truidense attacker Ryotaro Ito and FC Tokyo goalkeeper Taishi Brandon Nozawa were called up for the first time.
Moriyasu said he was looking for "a good start to the year" against Thailand.
"This is a precious chance to build towards the Asian Cup and the World Cup qualifiers beyond that," he said.
Japan have been drawn with Indonesia, Iraq and Vietnam at the Asian Cup.
They lost 3-1 to Qatar in the final of the 2019 tournament.
The crash was near the U.
Air Force base in Gunsan, Yonhap said.
South Korea's defense ministry spokesman could not immediately confirm the report.
military officials in South Korea could not be immediately reached for comment.
The decision comes after net immigration was expected to have peaked at a record 510,000 in 2022-23.
Official data showed it was forecast to fall to about a quarter of a million in 2024-25 and 2025-26, roughly in line with pre-Covid levels.
"The government's targeted reforms are already putting downward pressure on net overseas migration, and will further contribute to this expected decline," O'Neil said.
O'Neil said the increase in net overseas migration in 2022-23 was mostly driven by international students.
Prime Minister Anthony Albanese over the weekend said Australia's migration numbers needed to be wound back to a "sustainable level," adding that "the system is broken.
Under the new policies, international students would need higher ratings on English tests.
It will also end settings that allowed students to prolong their stay in Australia.
Speaking to reporters on Monday morning, Kishida said he is aware of the seriousness of the situation.
"We'll consider appropriate measures at the right time to restore public trust and prevent delays in national politics," Kishida said.
Nishimura on Sunday said he would stay in the post and review his fundraising proceeds after media reports of an imminent cabinet reshuffle over allegations about unreported funds.
The LDP - which has held power for nearly all of Japan's post-war era - is due to hold leadership elections in September with a general election due by October 2025 at the latest.
The scandal could stir up a power struggle inside the party that could influence the outcome of the leadership contest and the party's management.
Kishida is set to hold a press conference on Wednesday at the end of the current parliament session to explain his administration's responses, Asahi said.
The issue, part of the countries' historical disputes over Japan's colonial rule over the Korean peninsula from 1910 to 1945, has long plagued bilateral ties between the two U.
23 ruling overturned a lower court's decision that had dismissed the case, and ordered Tokyo to pay around 200 million won ($152,000) to each of the Korean complainants.
Japan's Foreign Minister Yoko Kamikawa said at the time the ruling was "absolutely unacceptable" and "clearly contrary to international law and agreements between the two countries.
Seoul's foreign ministry said the court ruling "was finalized today as there was no appeal from the Japanese government, the defendant.
At Observatory Hill in the center of Sydney, the capital of News South Wales, the temperature was 38.9 C (102 F) at 1 p.
(0200 GMT) on Saturday, according to forecaster data.
Prime Minister Anthony Albanese said in Sydney it was "a time to ensure that we look after each other and stay safe".
"Today in Sydney, and in other parts of the east coast, it's a reminder that there just might be something in this climate change stuff," Albanese said, according to a transcript.
There were 71 grass and bushfires - 21 of them uncontained - burning across New South Wales on Saturday, the state's Rural Fire Service said.
In a warning on Friday, the forecaster said "severe heat wave conditions" would continue in much of New South Wales into next week, with peak temperatures predicted for the weekend.
At Sydney's Coogee Beach, head lifeguard Clive Stiff said the extreme heat meant a busy Saturday for those on patrol.
"We're mostly worried about sun safety and hydration, both for members of the public and members of the Patrol of course," Stiff said.
Beachgoer Carley Carr took a more relaxed view of the heat.
"It's about time that we had a good summer.
So we'll be down at the beach probably early and staying inside for middle of the day," Carr said.
Samuel Paty, a 47-year-old history and geography teacher, was stabbed and then beheaded near his secondary school in the Paris suburb of Conflans-Sainte-Honorine on October 16, 2020.
Lawyers representing Paty's friends and family hit out at the leniency of the sentences, describing them as "not fitting" and sending "a bad signal".
"A man beheaded in the street is not nothing," said Virginie Le Roy, a lawyer representing members of Paty's family.
She described his family's "anger", "disappointment" and "incomprehension".
Paty's attacker, 18-year-old Chechen refugee Abdoullakh Anzorov, was shot dead at the scene by police.
He murdered Paty after messages spread on social media that the teacher had shown his class cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed from the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo.
'Persistent lie'.
The trial was held behind closed doors given the young ages of the defendants at the time of the events.
Five of the teens on trial, who were 14 or 15 at the time of Paty's murder, were being tried for criminal conspiracy with intent to cause violence.
They were accused of having been on the lookout for Paty and identifying him to the killer in exchange for money.
Four of them received suspended sentences of between 14 and 18 months.
The fifth was sentenced to two years in prison, but 18 months of that was suspended and the teenager will be released with an electronic tag for the remaining six months.
"You passed on to the assailant the description (of Paty's) physical appearance and clothing" and the teacher's "usual route" when leaving the school, the presiding judge told the youth.
"You recruited other students to point out" Paty to Anzorov and keep watch for when he left the school, added the judge.
She was not present in the class.
She received an 18-month suspended sentence.
The court pointed to the role of her "persistent lie" about Paty in the events leading to his murder.
Lawyer for the defendants Antoine Ory called the sentences "just", while admitting they could "never be equal to the infinite and eternal suffering of the civil parties".
His killing took place just weeks after Charlie Hebdo republished the Prophet Mohammed cartoons.
After the magazine used the images in 2015, Islamist gunmen stormed its offices, killing 12 people.
In October, another teacher, Dominique Bernard, was killed in Arras in northern France by a young radicalised Islamist.
Slow, infrequent and often non-existent, trains have long been the poor relation of cars and planes in the United States.
"You have no idea how much this pleases me," Biden said at a union center in the gambling hub.
The plan would "put our nation back on track with the fastest, safest and greenest railways in the world.
Biden's administration hopes to complete the Vegas-to-LA rail link by 2028.
It is designed to slash the current five-hour car journey to two hours and 40 minutes -- part of a larger ambition of doubling passenger numbers on America's railways by 2040.
Biden highlighted the fact that China, the world's second-largest economy, boasts trains that travel 220 miles an hour (350 kilometers an hour).
'Transformational'.
The Democrat also took the chance to lash out at his likely rival in the 2024 election, Republican Donald Trump, for failing to improve U.
infrastructure while he was president.
"He likes to say America's a failing nation," said Biden.
"Frankly he doesn't know what the hell he's talking about.
Major rail projects are part of the infrastructure investment plan that Biden pushed through shortly after taking office, which allocated $66 billion for passenger trains.
This is the largest sum allocated to passenger rail since the formation of Amtrak in 1971.
The quasi-public company was set up to relieve private freight of the burden of passenger transport, and now operates inter-city rail lines across the country.
"This will be truly transformational for US passenger rail," Amtrak executive vice-president Laura Mason told AFP.
The funding will create new lines and extend existing ones, boost services, upgrade stations and build modern, faster trains.
A line between San Francisco and Los Angeles is in the works, which like the LA-Las Vegas service which will receive up to approximately $3 billion.
The shuttered line connecting New Orleans, Louisiana with Mobile, Alabama is due to reopen almost 20 years after it was destroyed by Hurricane Katrina.
'Skeletal' network.
Train service in the densely populated northeastern United States is relatively regular but crossing the country from east to west takes between two and two-and-a-half days.
"You'll have to change trains in Chicago," Mathews said.
"And if you want a sleeping compartment, you have to book that months in advance.
The current context is favorable for train travel, Mason insisted.
"We're seeing a real change coming out of the pandemic and how people want to move," she said, adding that passenger numbers were growing.
Some do it for environmental concerns, while others choose train travel for its tranquility, convenience or simply "for the experience," she added.
In the waiting area at Washington's Union Station, Alan Beaubien, who lives in Florida, was in town on a business trip.
"Once I'm in the northeast, I will always use the train," he told AFP.
But "when you get into more the Midwest or the West, you don't have as many options," he said.
Chukwuemeka Chuks-Okeke is another loyal Amtrak user.
"There's obviously no traffic, and I enjoy taking the train.
It's relaxing," he told AFP.
Marvel and Ditko's estate said in the joint filing on Wednesday that they have "amicably resolved" their copyright dispute but did not provide settlement terms.
Representatives for Marvel and the estate did not immediately respond to requests for comment on Thursday.
The lawsuit was the last of several brought by Marvel in 2021 against comic-book artists who had sought rights to characters including Iron Man, Ant-Man and Thor.
Marvel resolved the other cases in June.
copyright law, a creator can cancel a copyright assignment after decades in some circumstances.
The estate of Ditko, who died in 2018, said he created Doctor Strange and co-created Spider-Man in Marvel-published comics that he wrote or co-wrote between 1962 and 1966.
His estate notified Marvel that it was terminating the company's rights in the stories and characters in 2021.
Marvel argued that Ditko and other artists' works were made for hire for the company, which meant they could not recapture the copyrights.
Marvel won a similar lawsuit at a U.
appeals court in 2013 involving the heirs of artist Jack Kirby.
That case was settled in 2014, as the U.
Supreme Court was set to consider whether to hear it.
The case is Marvel Characters Inc v.
District Court for the Southern District of New York, No.
For Marvel: Dan Petrocelli and Molly Lens of O'Melveny & Myers.
For Ditko's estate: Marc Toberoff of Toberoff & Associates.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility.
Since mid-October there have been dozens of rocket or drone strikes by pro-Iran groups against American or coalition forces elsewhere in Iraq as well as in Syria.
There are roughly 2,500 US troops in Iraq and about 900 in Syria as part of efforts to prevent a resurgence of the Islamic State group.
At around 4:20 am (0120 GMT), "three Katyusha rockets targeting the American embassy fell close to the Green Zone, near the river" Tigris, the Iraqi security official told AFP.
The Iraqi official spoke on condition of anonymity as he was not authorised to speak to the media.
The US official said: "We are still awaiting official reports regarding casualties and damage to infrastructure, if any.
We are also awaiting official reporting on the type of attack.
While UN climate talks rarely finish on time, COP28 president Sultan Al Jaber has set the ambitious goal of wrapping up the conference in Dubai on schedule at 11 am (07:00 GMT) on Tuesday.
With ministers now in town to carry a deal across the line, Jaber said he wanted negotiators to produce a new draft deal on Friday.
Despite disagreements over the future of fossil fuels, Jaber voiced optimism that the talks hosted by the oil-rich United Arab Emirates can finish with a historic agreement.
"We have the potential to deliver a paradigm shift," he said Friday after delegations from nearly 200 nations took a breather the day before.
'Get the job done'.
"Let us please get this job done.
I need you to step up and I need you to come out of your comfort zones," he said.
COP28 kicked off last week with the landmark launch of a loss and damage fund for nations devastated by climate change.
"We have surprised the doubters and inspired the optimists," Jaber said.
A handful of countries, including oil-rich Saudi Arabia and major crude consumer China, have resisted the inclusion of language on a phase-out of fossil fuels in the final text so far.
A draft deal was released on Tuesday but negotiators failed to produce another text on Wednesday before heading into the break.
Tuesday's document contains three options on fossil fuels.
The third and most controversial option effectively proposes not addressing the issue at all.
A negotiator from the pro-phase-out camp said a "coalition is there" for a fossil fuel exit, but that the two opposing camps had yet to go head-to-head in talks.
5 degrees Celsius.
Saudi position.
Saudi Arabia has been the most vocal nation against a phase-out or even a phase-down of fossil fuels.
"As one of the largest producers of hydrocarbons, they refuse to have a solution imposed upon them," Umar Karim, an expert on Saudi politics at the University of Birmingham, told AFP.
Kristian Ulrichsen, a Middle East fellow at Rice University, said Saudi Arabia would seek a coalition with like-minded countries on fossil fuels, including China and Russia.
"The Saudis will not want to be cast as the sole holdout in favour of fossil fuel," Ulrichsen said.
Next year is the turn of Eastern Europe and Russia.
Moscow has blocked the Bulgarian bid, saying no European Union member should take charge.
"AI-based programming activities need to be predicated on the ethics governing its use and development," according to the draft produced by Indonesia's communications ministry.
It did not elaborate on the type of losses or disasters from AI use.
Sources told Reuters this regulation is expected to be finalized next month.
"He was very respected, speaking with a very calm voice," she told AFP in a video call.
Any misgivings Arabela Marques had about the school's teachings were allayed by the fact that among the students were "important people" like doctors and lawyers.
"I told myself I had nothing to worry about," she said.
Naked beauty pageant.
But things soon took a sinister turn.
When the police moved in to arrest Bivolaru last week they freed over 50 women being kept "in deplorable conditions" at two overcrowded houses in the greater Paris suburbs.
They included nationals of Romania, Argentina, Germany, Belgium and the United States.
The police said the women had been "freed from a sect" and that they found sex toys, pornographic material and photos of Bivolaru.
At the guru's own home in the southeastern Paris suburb of Ivry-sur-Seine they also found over 200,000 euros ($215,000) in cash, pornography and fake identity documents.
Ashleigh Freckleton, a 31-year-old Australian woman who joined a MISA ashram in Romania in 2018, took part in one of the French "initiation rituals".
Her passport and telephone were confiscated, she told AFP in a phone interview.
The women were also given Bivolaru's urine to drink but Freckleton pulled up short at having sex with a man presented as "an enlightened being".
"I knew I needed to get out," she told AFP.
'Reminiscent of the mafia'.
Last week's raid marked the end of a nearly-two-decade-long quest by authorities in at least three jurisdictions - Romania, France and Finland -- to bring Bivolaru to justice.
In 2004, he fled Romania, where he was being investigated for sex with minors, for Sweden, where he obtained political asylum.
In 2013, a Romanian court condemned him in absentia to six years in prison but he avoided arrest until 2016 when he was arrested in France and handed over to Bucharest.
It took six years before French police caught up with him last week and placed him in preventive custody, along with five other suspects.
A French human rights group has collected statements from 12 of his former followers alleging abuse.
Women were pressured both to have sex with Bivolaru and "to agree to participate in fee-paying pornographic practices in France and abroad".
One investigator said the group was "reminiscent of the mafia" with "pimping disguised as philosophy".
Plumber-turned-yogi.
ATMAN has slammed the investigation as a "slanderous witch-hunt" saying it is "not responsible and not accountable for the private life of students and teachers of member schools".
MISA was kicked out of the International Yoga Federation and the European Yoga Alliance in 2008 because its commercial practices were judged to be "illicit", a French judicial source said.
Several yoga schools and masters have been hit with allegations of sexual assault in the past.
Britain's Guardian newspaper in 2018 reported allegations by 14 women accusing the leader of one of the world's biggest tantric yoga schools, Agama Yoga, of rape and sexual assault.
In 1991, the Indian yoga superstar Sri Swami Satchidananda, who opened the Woodstock festival in 1969 with chants of "om", was accused by several American women of sexual abuse.
Eleven cage traps and 20 cameras have been installed in recent weeks in the forested area of Gua Musang district, in the northeastern state of Kelantan, where the deadly attacks happened.
There have been five attacks resulting in four deaths in Gua Musang since 2021, Mohamad Hafid Rohani, director of the Wildlife and National Parks department in Kelantan, told AFP.
Three of the killings were in October and November this year.
"We are very concerned.
This is the worst tiger-related deaths in decades in Malaysia," Hafid said.
The traps -- rectangular cages wrapped in palm leaves so they blend into the forest -- have been set up in "hot spots" where attacks took place.
One has been placed in a palm oil plantation.
Live goats are kept in enclosures nearby to lure the tigers into the traps with their bleating.
The Malayan tiger is classified as critically endangered by protection group the International Union for Conservation of Nature.
WWF Malaysia estimates there are fewer than 150 of the animals still left in the wild.
Hafid said 35 tigers were estimated to live in Kelantan.
Attacks on humans by the tiger are rare, but such incidents have been known to occur in areas where developments encroach on the animals' habitat.
Last month, one female tiger was trapped and taken to the National Wildlife Rescue Centre in neighbouring Perak state, Hafid said.
But Hafid admitted that officials were "not certain if it was responsible for any of the attacks on humans".
'Sad situation'.
Two of the people killed since 2021 were plantation workers while the other victims were residents, Gua Musang police chief Superintendant Sik Choon Foo said.
Choon Foo said post-mortem examinations of the victims and "tiger footprints" found at the scene of each killing pointed to the big cats as culprits.
A female tiger that seriously injured a man in July 2021 was caught and placed in a sanctuary, said Hafid.
But the tiger responsible for a deadly attack in January 2022 was shot dead after it went for wildlife officials, he said.
Wildlife officials have warned residents to stay indoors or go outside in groups.
About 3,000 Malayan tigers once roamed the country's jungles in the 1950s, and the big cat is regarded as Malaysia's national animal.
But its population has declined over the decades due to a loss of habitat from development and agricultural expansion, as well as poaching.
The changes to Japan's cannabis and narcotics control laws passed on Wednesday in the upper house will pave the way for the lifting of a ban on medical products derived from cannabis.
Cannabis-based medicines, produced with the active ingredient cannabidiol, or CBD, are already used overseas to treat various conditions such as severe epilepsy.
This is a win for patient groups that have campaigned for access to these medicines.
However, the changes amount to a tightening of Japan's already tough cannabis policy.
Marijuana consumption was criminalised, closing a loophole that officials partly blamed for a recent rise in cannabis-related arrests.
Prior to the revisions, inhaling marijuana had been technically legal, whereas possessing it was punishable by a jail term of up to five years.
The loophole was originally introduced to prevent farmers from being arrested for accidentally inhaling psychoactive smoke when growing hemp.
But alarmed by the recent spike in arrests over cannabis, especially among young people including teens, authorities decided to take things up a notch.
Under the revised laws, those caught using or possessing marijuana can face a prison sentence of up to seven years.
Health ministry statistics show the number of arrests related to cannabis hit a record 5,783 in 2021, with a marked rise among teens and those in their 20s.
And according to a 2020 police probe into 748 people arrested over marijuana possession, nearly 30 percent cited the lack of penalties against consumption as an emboldening factor.
The new rule against consumption will leave CBD products unregulated, as it will only target THC -- the psychoactive substance that makes people high, a health ministry official told AFP.
Japan's Cannabis Control Act was introduced in 1948 during the post-war U.
occupation, but it is not an outlier in Asia where tough penalties for drug use are the norm.
Still, decades of a strident government crusade against illegal drugs, synonymous with the mantra of "dame zettai" (absolutely not), have led to marijuana being heavily stigmatised in Japan.
4 percent of people in Japan say they have tried marijuana, compared to more than 40 percent in France and around half in the United States, data compiled by the health ministry show.
Japan's tough anti-cannabis laws have ensnared international stars including Beatle Paul McCartney, who spent nine days in detention in 1980 after the drug was found in his baggage.
"The fact that I was suspected means I need to try harder in my singing career in order to gain more trust [from the public]," she stated.
The singer stated earlier this year in an interview that she has not even had time to think about having a boyfriend because she’s been too busy with her career and her life.
Chi first gained public recognition when finished as the runner-up in the 2013 The Voice Kids contest.
She has been active as a singer, with a focus on folk and pop music, and actress ever since.
Currently an online nutrition coach, Hang says she is healthy and always full of energy thanks to applying the correct diet and exercising.
With her height at 1.57 meters, Hang’s weight remained at 57 kg after her second child delivery in 2021.
Her skin was sagged and she had a lot of stretch marks, making her frustrated every time she saw herself in the mirror.
However, it was impossible for her to focus on losing weight given her busy schedule taking care of her two children.
As her children grew up, Hang was motivated to lose weight for her own health’s sake.
She attended a nutrition course in Sep.
2022, where she gained knowledge about healthy weight loss methods.
Based on what she learnt from the course, she decided to work on cutting down her calorie intake.
Health experts suggest that the key principle behind weight loss is a calorie deficit, which is defined as taking in the body less calories than it burns.
To take in her body less energy, Hang prioritized consuming raw foods and vegetables, which contain low amounts of calories, in her daily diet.
She also ensured that her body was provided with all necessary nutrient groups - including carbohydrates, protein, healthy fat, and vitamins and minerals - everyday.
For her protein sources, Hang chose protein-rich vegetables, poultry, and seafood instead of red meat.
She also made sure that she drank enough water throughout the day.
Regarding her cooking methods, Hang mainly ate boiled dishes, as the method allowed her to preserve her dishes’ nutrition values while not adding excessive calories.
Her daily food intake was divided into five to six meals throughout the day, as doing so helped her avoid the feeling of hunger.
Tuan recommends those that want to lose weight have five to six meals throughout the day, with the interval between two consecutive meals being two to three hours.
Providing the body with all nutrients groups is also advised by the doctor.
Hang successfully lost 11 kg to reach 46 kg after three months adapting diet.
She also shed 12 cm off her waist to reach a 71-centimeter measurement, and she felt much healthier and more energetic.
Her sleep quality also significantly improved.
She has taken up the habit of running four to six times a week, one to five kilometers each time, to maintain her post-weight loss figure.
From her own experience, Hang says 80% of the efficiency of a weight loss process comes from diet, while the remaining 20% comes from exercise.
Huong said that she’s paid well by all her three jobs: a microblading artist, a wedding host, and she owns her own traditional Vietnamese dress ao dai label.
But the combined income is still just enough to cover her living expenses.
She only just arrived in Canada in Oct.
The Miss Vietnam World winner said she’s only just begun building the foundation of her new North American life, and she’s not worried because everything takes time.
"I remember my father told me to save money for my future," she said.
"I will try my best to prove that I was right in deciding to relocate to Canada, and I hope I can become wealthy soon.
Huong said she spent her first week in Canada familiarizing herself with the new living environment.
She started working as a microblading artist and got her first customers through Vietnamese-Canadian connections.
She said she was glad to get praised for her skills and receive enormous service tips.
Huong was also motivated seeing how her customers were satisfied with their new looks after using her service, she said.
"I told myself that I have to try everyday to overcome the hardships and pressure I face relocating to a foreign country.
The beauty queen said many people were surprised when she appeared as the host of a wedding ceremony last month.
"Many may wonder why a beauty queen who hosts many large-scale shows in Vietnam like me has become a wedding host in Canada," she said.
"I chose to do it to meet more Vietnamese people living here, and to ease my feeling of missing the stage and the spotlight.
Admitting that she received "corresponding rewards" for her appearance at the ceremony, Huong emphasized that money was not her primary motivation.
Having affection for the Vietnamese traditional ao dai, the beauty queen also runs her own label which specializes in selling the tunic.
"I make versatile ao dai creations that contain modern design elements and can be worn on various different occasions," she said.
"I got my first customers who placed their orders in preparation for the Tet Lunar New Year.
Huong said she appreciated the chance to meet new people and make more friends through her various jobs, and that the only occupation she’d not tried is to become a singer.
"I always remind myself to work hard regardless of who I am and where I live," she said.
"I accept to bid farewell to my old life as a beauty queen and start living as a commoner here [in Canada].
Huong, 33, is a model and actress.
She represented Vietnam at the 2010 Miss Earth pageant and made it to the top 14.
She also competed in the 2012 Miss Universe pageant.
It is reported that Huong married a real estate business owner in 2011 before divorcing in 2012.
She remarried in 2015.
However, she reportedly moved to Canada alone.
The donations were raised through the "One Heart - Thousand Beats" campaign, a partnership between Hoiana and VinaCapital Foundation (VCF).
Hoiana set a fundraising goal of VND500 million (US$20,000) by December 8 toward providing lifesaving heart surgeries for 13 children.
Within 15 days of calling for donations, the campaign surpassed its goal by attracting over VND520 million, equivalent to the surgery cost of 14 hearts.
Hoiana Resort & Golf allocated VND363 million ($15,000) from its CSR budget to the fundraising campaign.
The remaining amount of nearly VND160 million came from Hoiana's executive leaders, staff members and partners.
The campaign will be extended to Feb 15,2024 for more donations from the resort’s guests during holiday seasons.
8, Hoiana Resort & Golf officially handed over a pledge of more than VND520 million to the "Heartbeat Vietnam" program founded by VCF in the resort’s Christmas Tree Light-up Ceremony.
"Hoiana Resort & Golf is dedicated to saving the lives of underprivileged children with congenital heart defects across Vietnam.
Our fundraising goals would not be possible without generous donors.
I would like to sincerely thank you so much for your donations.
Your kindness is greatly appreciated by the children and their families," said Steve Wolstenholme, President & CEO of Hoiana Resort & Golf.
Founded in 2006, Heartbeat Vietnam has provided over 10,000 heart surgeries for disadvantaged children suffering from congenital heart defects nationwide.
The majority of children with congenital heart defects are from poor families in rural areas.
Any support like Hoiana helps these children receive lifesaving heart surgery and opens up life-changing opportunities for their families.
Studies from Heartbeat Vietnam provide data indicating that 68% of beneficiaries’ families improve economically and escape poverty as a result of healthy children.
This year, Hoiana Resort & Golf has carried out more than 10 CSR activities and initiatives to support the local community.
"One Heart - Thousand Beats" has been introduced alongside the "Seasonal Wonders" campaign that Hoiana Resort & Golf runs from Dec.
1, 2023, to Feb.
15, 2024, to encompass the Christmas, New Year, and Tet holidays.
Local and international travelers are invited to unwind in style on the shores of central Vietnam and immerse in holiday celebrations, all in partnership with Mercedes-Benz An Du Danang.
This festive campaign provides customers with various promotions and recreational activities, such as staycation packages to save up to 60%, and countdown firewall shows on the beachfront.
The resort boasts an 18-hole golf course designed by Robert Trent Jones Jr.
, the Hoiana Shores Golf Club, the sole golf course in Vietnam and Asia to be named one of the Top 100 Golf Courses in the World 2023 by Golf World Top 100 recently.
Since its inception, Hoiana Resort & Golf has adopted the principle of project development in parallel with local development.
The first phase of an overall $4 billion development project has been completed.
In 2024, the resort is expecting to introduce more exciting features and services, inclusive of initiatives to support the community.
, Son's Audi was traveling on Nam Ho Street towards Ho Xuan Huong Street in central Da Lat.
When it reached the railway crossing near Trai Mat station, the driver failed to notice the warning sings as the car drove through the station area.
The car then struck a passing tourist train.
At least two people, Son’s mother and sister, were sent to the hospital after the accident.
The car was damaged, the train's barrier was broken and its left headlight was shattered.
Nguyen Vo Minh Chanh, the station manager of Da Lat, stated that the railway section from the city center to Trai Mat is used for scenic tours, so the speed limit is below 15 kph.
At the time of the accident, the train was carrying over 100 passengers returning to Da Lat after their sightseeing trip.
After the incident, the station arranged vehicles to take passengers back to Da Lat Station.
Son said the accident occurred while his family was on vacation.
He and his sister were seated in the back, while his mother was in the front passenger seat.
"I often sleep during long rides because of my busy schedule.
I woke up when I heard the crash because I was wearing my seatbelt, so I didn't get thrown from my seat," the singer said.
"This is a valuable lesson for me to be more cautious on the road.
Cao Thai Son, 38, has accumulated a large fanbase in Vietnam.
The Da Lat - Trai Mat route is part of the Thap Cham - Da Lat railway, one of the world's first mountain cog railways.
Its construction started in 1908 and completed in 1932.
Recent proposals are on the tabled to renovate and repair the Da Lat - Trai Mat route due to serious deterioration.
The event organizers announced the news on Thursday, according to Tuoi Tre Newspaper.
Tuan Hung announced in Sep.
this year that he had been invited to perform at the event, which is set to take place in Las Vegas on Feb.
9, 2024 as a warm-up session for the 2024 Super Bowl – the American football championship game for the 2023 National Football League season.
One of the first artists invited by the show’s organizers, Tuan Hung, 45, is among the most successful pop singers in Vietnam with various hit songs.
He dropped his undergraduate studies in 1998 to start his career in the entertainment industry with his debut in the boyband "Qua Dua Hau" (The Watermelon).
For many years, the Super Bowl has been one of the most-viewed sporting events in the world and an important part of American culture.
The Super Bowl warmup and halftime shows often garner great traction and trend quickly.
Serving as a promotional event for the 2024 Super Bowl, the Vegas LVIII Pregame Warm Up Event & Tet Celebration is expected to attract an estimated 10,000 attendees.
Various Vietnamese artists, including singer Hong Ngoc and rapper De Choat, are set to perform at the event.
The series, inspired by the 2021 South Korean drama "Squid Game," concluded its first season as the finale episode started streaming on Netflix on Wednesday, reported The Independent.
In the highly anticipated conclusion of the show, three last contestants - Phill, Sam, and Mai - took part in two games of chance.
Sam then became the first to bow out after a button-pressing game.
Phill and Mai subsequently competed against each other in a rock, paper, scissors game, with the ultimate winner being given a key that unlocks the show’s coveted piggy bank prize.
Mai eventually won against Phill thanks to tracking his choices throughout the rounds and taking advantage of the insights to predict what he would do.
The audience approved of her thoughts, hailing Mai as one of the show’s most strategic players who "deserved" to win the whole show.
According to Esquire, Mai’s Netflix profile listed that she relocated to the U.
at the age of eight.
She then joined the U.
Navy Force aged 18 but got pregnant shortly after and was rejected by her family.
She has been a single mom, lately a grandparent, ever since.
Starting filming in the United Kingdom in Jan.
2023, "Squid Game: The Challenge" claims to be the reality TV show with the highest number of contestants.
It also offers the second highest award in reality TV history, second only to "The X Factor US" which rewards its winner with a contract worth $5 million.
Celebrating his first Christmas season abroad, Aled initially thought he would not be able to enjoy the festive season to the fullest in Vietnam.
He lamented that there had been no "Christmas vibe" in Hanoi even though Dec.
In his home country, he said, the streets were already full of holiday revelers enjoying publicly displayed Christmas colors and decor.
But he felt "at home" when he arrived at a Christmas market on the capital’s Au Co street.
He enjoyed live Christmas music performances, holiday food and drinks, and the chance to shop for Christmas gifts at local shops.
"When you are far away from home, it’s nice to have a way to celebrate Christmas," Aled said.
"In our country, Christmas is a very big holiday and it’s nice to celebrate it in Vietnam.
Anna, a 27-year-old friend of Aled’s, also complimented the fair’s atmosphere.
"I came here two years ago and the event was smaller than this," she recalled.
"It’s nice to see how it’s growing.
Having settled in Vietnam nine year ago, Louis from France took his wife, sisters-in-law, and children to the winter market.
He said that because it’s not an officially-recognized public holiday, Christmas celebrations are different here than in Europe.
Still, he said that when he dropped by the market he experienced familiar holiday feelings from home.
He also met several fellow Christmas-celebraters from France, he said.
Irishman Gary Devitt, 39, organizer of the market, said this year’s event is the sixth edition.
Around 20 stalls participated in previous years, but Devitt said the figure has now doubled, with 40 stalls presenting products, food, souvenirs, and gifts this year.
Devitt said that as a "big Christmas fan," his initial motivation was to bring some "Christmas spirit" to Vietnam.
"I moved to Hanoi nearly seven years ago when there was no Christmas here," he said.
"So, I wanted to bring some of the Christmas cheer from Ireland to Vietnam.
As he started planning the event, Devitt realized that in general, only local Vietnamese attend Vietnamese events, while Western events attracted only Western attendees.
Thus, he didn’t shy away from creating a space for foreigners living in Vietnam to celebrate Christmas in person together.
Devitt starts preparing for the fair in Aug.
It normally takes him and his wife three months to "get the event together.
The market has on average welcomed between 2,000 and 2,500 guests over the last few years, he said.
But he estimated the number of this year’s visitors to be higher.
This year is the third time homemade sauce seller Igor Pescarolo, a 44-year-old Italian man, and his partner Le Thi Thao, 37, have set up shop here for Christmas.
Pescarolo moved to Vietnam seven years ago.
Attending the Christmas market is not the only way he sells his goods, but he still flies from his home in historic central Vietnamese town of Hoi An town to take part in the happening.
He said he likes immersing himself in the festive atmosphere offered by the fair.
This year’s Christmas spirit also attracted Vietnamese visitors.
Vu Thu Linh, 34, a resident of the capital’s Cau Giay District, said she had brought her two sons to shopping malls and hotels to enjoy the Christmas vibe in the past.
But this year, she wanted to introduce them to the all-encompassing atmosphere of the Christmas market.
"The fair offers the kids a large venue with lots of space to wander, a variety of shops, a large food hall, and the chance to talk to Santa Claus," she said.
"I’ll definitely come back in the future.
The young girl, who lives in London with her parents, has been seen adorned with items from various high-end brands in many videos featured on Love Luxury’s account.
In one popular video that has garnered over 1.4 million views, Moo is seen revealing the hefty price tags of her Patek Philippe Nautilus 5711 watch and her black Hermès Kelly handbag.
Moo reportedly has her own life-sized Mercedes G Wagon, as well as a wardrobe jam-packed with designer labels including Louis Vuitton, Dior, and Gucci, according to The Mirror.
Her extravagant displays have amassed over 200 million views under the TikTok hashtag #billionairesdaughter.
It is unclear what exactly the Abrahams’ net worth is, reported Business Insider.
While some TikTok users find Moo’s showcases a lighthearted escape, others criticize it as insensitive amidst the ongoing cost of living crisis in the United Kingdom.
"Everything I own costs roughly 40,000," one netizen wrote.
"I am grateful for my life buuuuuuut I'd love to live like this for a day.
Another commented: "So hard to watch when so many people are struggling to even keep warm.
However, Emily insisted that videos featuring her daughter are merely a form of escapism for audiences seeking a glimpse into a life of luxury.
"I will move when I can," the movie star revealed in a recent interview with WSJ Magazine.
Growing up in Hollywood with her actor parents, Jolie explained that she had never found the place impressive.
"Of all the places in the world, Hollywood is not a healthy place," the actress told the publication.
"So, you seek authenticity.
Her ongoing custody battle with ex-husband Brad Pitt following their 2016 split has since then further reinforced her boundaries.
The exposure to publicity that her personal life is suffering even makes the actress believe she would not start her acting career if she were given the chance to choose again.
She is working on opening a store in New York City, which will feature a café run by refugee and immigrant chefs and host educational events, she revealed.
Jolie, 48, started dating her ex-husband film star Brad Pitt, 60, in 2005.
Getting married in 2014, the couple split two years later following Jolie’s initial divorce filing.
They have been embroiled in a legal battle over the custody of their six children since then.
The children include Maddox, Pax Thien, Zahara, Shiloh, Vivienne, and Knox Jolie-Pitt.
Maddox, Pax Thien, and Zahara were adopted from orphanages in Cambodia, Vietnam, and Ethiopia respectively.
Meanwhile, Shiloh, Vivienne, and Knox are the couple’s biological children.
Jolie was granted physical custody of the children, while Pitt was given joint custody in 2021.
However, it is reported that the tug-of-war is still not completely settled.
A breakfast rich in carbohydrates tends to make you feel sleepy afterwards, increase your blood sugar level, and make it hard for your body to burn fat.
It is advised to start your breakfast with protein and vegetable sources and leave carbohydrate-rich foods for last.
You should spend at least 25 minutes on a meal and avoid using your phone or working while eating.
Eat only until you feel 80% full, as it takes about 20 minutes for our stomach to send satiety signals to the brain.
Therefore, stopping eating only when you feel completely full can lead to consuming more than your body actually needs.
Nutrition coach at HomeFiT fitness center.
The female customer, named Chen, exposed the incident in a Facebook group called Complaint Singapore on Dec.
4, reported news site AsiaOne.
In her post, Chen said that the meat, which was served to her in a burger she had bought at a McDonald’s outlet near Punggol Plaza in Singapore, was "cold and mushy.
" As she suspected that something was wrong with her dish, she opened the burger and found the patty was "not cooked.
As Chen contacted the restaurant manager, she was offered a replacement meal and a full refund, along with a promise to cover any medical expenses if she experienced food poisoning.
Still, Chen said she had developed a phobia following the incident.
It is reported that the Singapore Food Agency is now investigating the matter.
There have been other instances of undercooked McDonald’s products across Singapore in recent times.
Just days after Lee’s report, another customer had a similar issue with an undercooked hamburger patty from another outlet.
The fast food brand has responded to these incidents by apologizing to the affected customers and stated its commitment to the highest food safety standards.
The boyfriend gave a jokey response.
"He replied ‘No’ as I asked him ‘Will you be my husband for the rest of my life?’ yet still put the ring on his finger.
Yen said it was the feeling of secure and trust she feels whenever she stays with her boyfriend that motivated her to propose.
She said that she had to "trick" her boyfriend to get his fingerprint, and that she had no plans for a wedding at the moment, despite having proposed, due to her busy schedule.
The supermodel revealed that she had also undergone an egg freezing process in Thailand.
"The older a woman gets, the lower quality her eggs become," she explained.
"Egg freezing is the best solution for those that do not have an immediate plan to give birth.
Yen won the highest prize of the 2008 Supermodel Vietnam contest and finished as the runner-up of the 2009 Miss Universe Vietnam pageant.
She also represented Vietnam at the 2009 Miss Universe contest.
Various domestic fashion designers have called her their "muse," and she has frequently acted as the model that closes runway fashion shows.
I am a 24-year-old office worker.
All of my ex-boyfriends were good-looking and came from wealthy backgrounds, as I am a woman who focuses on appearance and the materialistic aspect when deciding to date.
My current boyfriend is an exception.
He does not look good, is short and chubby, but his financial ability seems the best out of the men I have dated.
He has said he is planning to propose to me this month, and his family has already met my parents to discuss our marriage.
But there is one thing that makes me contemplate a lot: I cannot be sure what my boyfriend does for a living.
All I know is that his parents claim to own a lot of real estate, which allows them to not go to work every day and simply stay at home and take care of their pets instead.
The same goes for my boyfriend, as he has not worked since he finished his studies abroad.
I raised my confusion to him once, to which he answered he inherited his parents’ business which is in real estate.
Still, I somehow don’t believe his family owns a real estate company.
He comforted me, saying I should not have to worry as he and his family do not break the law, but I feel he is not being honest with me.
I have deep feelings for my boyfriend now that we have dated for two years, and I admit I do not want to lose such a good boyfriend.
But I really wonder about his and his family’s work.
Should I get married to him without knowing what he and his family really do?.
The money was retrieved by the bank on Nov.
29, officials said, after Phuc reported to local police that a stranger had sent money to his bank account.
"Authorized by the money sender, a representative of the bank contacted me and offered to come to my place to retrieve the money," Phuc, 38, said.
"I did not want them to travel such a long distance [as the money sender resided in a different location], so I said I would return the money to a local branch of the bank instead.
Phuc said he was shocked and worried after receiving the money last month, as he had no ties to the sender.
He and his wife then asked for the authorities’ help in verifying the sender’s identity, so that he could return the money.
Officials contacted him a few days after, announcing that they had found the sender.
They said the sender transferred the money to Phuc’s bank account by mistake.
Phuc subsequently completed the money returning process in witness of the bank’s representative and local authority officials.
South Korean government wants to stop dog farming.
Farmers are not happy.
They say that keeping dogs for meat is the same as keeping cows or pigs for meat.
Stopping this would hurt farmers and people who eat meat.
But things are changing.
Many South Koreans do not like eating dog meat anymore.
Some people in South Korea are Budhists.
They do not want to eat any animals.
More South Koreans care about animals now.
They do not agree with big animal farms.
It is not an easy situation for the government.
People on both sides feel strongly about this issue.
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
The large olive snakes live in the sea near Australia.
The snake is more than two meters long.
It is a venomous snake.
Venomous means that if the snake bites someone, the person can die.
Now it is the snake’s breeding season.
The snakes become very active.
They look for a mate.
The snakes mistake divers for their mates.
They follow the divers.
They curl around their feet.
They attack the cameras.
It is very dangerous.
The snakes can attack divers at any time.
The large olive snake is a reptile.
Reptiles are cold-blooded animals like a snake, lizard, or crocodile.
These animals lay eggs on the land near the sea.
The olive snake breathes air.
It still spends all its life in the sea.
A big fire happens in Reading, UK.
A building at the Station Hill place is in flames.
A worker gets stuck up high.
He cannot get away.
Glen Edwards is a 65-year-old crane operator.
He slowly moves a cage to help the man.
It takes some time to put the cage in the right place.
People are watching the rescue from the ground.
They are scared as the fire gets closer.
Finally, the worker gets in the cage.
Edwards takes him down safely.
People clap for Glen Edwards.
Even the fire service people say that Edwards is a hero.
Two people must go to the hospital for breathing smoke.
No one else gets hurt.
Yemen Houthi rebels show a video.
In the video, they drop from a helicopter.
They seize a big Israeli ship in the Red Sea.
The rebels say that they will attack Israeli ships.
They will do it until Gaza fighting stops.
Israel does not agree with the act.
They say that the ship is British.
A Japanese company operates it.
Israel says that this is terrorism.
Japan confirms that the rebels take the ship.
Japan needs help.
Ray Car Carriers is the company which owns the ship.
It has ties to an Israeli businessperson.
Shizuoka Distillery is in Shizuoka City, Japan.
The company makes whisky.
They use cedar from a nearby forest.
Japanese whisky is becoming popular around the world.
This year is 100 years of making whisky in Japan.
There are more than 100 distilleries now, twice as many as ten years ago.
Shizuoka’s cedar fire makes it special.
Whisky making in Japan becomes famous after 2008.
In 2015, there is not enough whisky for all people and companies who want it.
This makes prices very high.
Big companies like Suntory and Nikka are expanding.
There are new companies making whisky, too.
Some people worry that this will be bad for the quality of Japanese whisky.
Winter is coming.
It is getting colder each day.
This is a big problem for Afghan refugees in Pakistan.
Pakistan does not want these people there.
Officials make them leave.
But these people have nowhere to go.
They have no things with them.
Women and children stay in open tents.
They need help.
They need food and medicine.
They lose everything in Pakistan.
They cannot start a new life without help.
The world needs to help people without a home.
Argentina has a new president.
People vote for Javier Milei.
It will bring many changes to the country.
Milei plans to solve big economic problems.
He wants to close the central bank, change Argentina’s money, and spend less.
Supporters celebrate.
They see Milei as hope for a better future.
Many people in Argentina have no money and debts.
The prices of things are very high.
But some people worry about Milei’s new ideas.
It will be a big change in Argentina’s politics.
Milei’s plans will have an impact on business and relationships with other countries.
People hope that Milei will make Argentina better.
This news is from Australia.
A hot air balloon is in the air.
There are 9 people in the box below the balloon.
is running low on fuel.
It cannot land normally.
The people are afraid.
They think that the balloon will fall into the water.
Luckily, there is a boat.
It sees the balloon and helps.
The balloon goes close to the boat.
The passengers move to the boat.
All of them are safe.
Only the pilot stays on the balloon.
The balloon is light now.
The pilot flies to a beach.
He lands safely on the beach.
No one is hurt.
People say that the pilot is very good.
Singer Taylor Swift postpones her Rio de Janeiro concert.
There is a concert on Friday.
Ana Clara Benevides is at the concert.
She is 23 years old.
She starts to feel sick.
She must go to hospital.
The reason is the heat.
Swift says that fans, crew, and performers must be safe.
The temperature in Rio is 59.7 degrees Celsius.
Swift’s full concert has 60,000 people.
Organizers move the Saturday show to Monday.
Fans are waiting in the heat.
They are sad when they hear about the change.
Swift stops singing on Friday to help fans who are not feeling well.
Authorities say that there must be water for all people at Swift’s concerts.
Robots are part of our lives.
In the future, there will be more robots.
We will have self-driving cars soon.
In the next 20 or 30 years, there will be robots in our homes.
They will look like us.
They will help us.
People are very interested in robots.
However, robots also scare people.
This is natural and human.
SpaceX has a big rocket called Starship.
One day, this rocket will travel to the moon and other planets.
Last week, Starship takes off from Texas.
SpaceX plans a flight that will last 90 minutes.
After that, the rocket will land in Hawaii.
But things go wrong.
The rocket flies for only 2.
Then it explodes.
SpaceX loses signal with it.
This is the second test.
Another rocket explodes in April.
SpaceX believes that these tests help make Starship better.
The company has a 4-billion deal with NASA for moon missions.
The company also plans to send people to Mars one day.
Kenya’s biggest landfill is called Dandora.
It is in Nairobi.
It is one of the biggest landfills in the world.
Dandora is full of throwaway plastics.
People use most of these plastics only once.
Then they throw it away.
Kenya is trying hard to be cleaner.
Kenya wants a strict global rule on plastics.
Countries are talking about it now.
In 2017, Kenya makes tough laws about plastic bags.
People can go to jail or pay a lot of money if they use plastic bags.
Now, a new law says that companies must handle their products’ waste, not consumers.
A Kenyan milk company changes its bottles to clear ones.
It is easier to recycle these bottles.
People like this change.
It shows that Kenyans care more about this problem than before.
In 2015, there is a merger with Samsung.
The deal is worth 8 billion dollars.
Lee is the boss of Samsung.
Some people say that he makes mistakes during the merger.
He breaks the rules.
He uses his power for his good.
Lee says that this is not true.
He explains that it is just normal management.
He follows clear rules.
Prosecutors want five years in jail for Lee.
The defense says that the judge does not care about some things.
106 minority shareholders speak in the case.
The judge ignores what they say.
The trial lasts for three years already.
Renault wants their electric cars to do well.
They think that their electric car Ampere will make a lot of money.
They want to make 10 billion euros in 2025 and 25 billion euros in 2031.
Renault plans to sell parts of the company in 2024.
But it is a bit hard.
Not many people want electric cars now.
Also, there is strong competition from China.
The boss Luca de Meo says that Renault has enough money for Ampere.
But selling parts of the company will help them grow faster.
Renault also makes a new electric car Twingo Legend.
This car is cheaper than the other electric cars.
Renault wants to compete with cheap Chinese cars.
Workers are building in a tunnel in India.
The tunnel is in the Himalayan region.
Some people are angry.
The project will hurt the area.
The tunnel falls.
40 workers are inside.
It is hard to rescue them.
Rescuers need to clear 50 meters of stuff.
They already clear 20 meters.
They want to make a long hole to get inside.
But it is not easy.
The workers get air and food through pipes.
Some feel sick, but they have medicine.
The tunnel is part of a big road project.
But it brings many problems.
Officials are checking the accident.
Hello students,.
Do you know how to learn English? There is technology which can help you learn English.
You can read about this technology in a book.
The name of the book is How to Learn English.
You can read this book now.
You can read the book here.
Have a nice day,.
News in Levels team.
Lake Titicaca is the biggest lake in the Andes.
It is in trouble.
Less rain and higher temperatures mean that the lake is drying up.
Farmers have no water for their fields.
Animals do not have enough water to drink.
The lake is full of water for hundreds of years.
But now, its dry parts are a problem.
This hurts the wildlife.
The lake is important for millions of people.
The weather is strange because of climate change.
People cannot use boats.
They walk on dry parts of the lake.
If there is no water, people and animals do not have enough food and drink.
Experts say that climate change is causing these problems.
Unusual weather is becoming a normal thing.
A lion escapes from a circus.
It happens in a town near Rome, Italy.
People must stay home.
Police and circus workers try to catch the lion.
Rony Vassallo looks after all circus animals.
He says that the lion is not dangerous.
The animal’s name is Kimba.
After several hours, the police catch Kimba.
They sedate the animal.
The mayor wants to stop using animals in circuses.
Animal groups say that using animals in circuses is not safe.
Also, animals are not happy there.
In Italy, it is still possible to use animals in circuses.
Many people want this to stop.
A café opens in Los Angeles.
It is a dog café.
There are dogs in the café.
You can have a cup of coffee.
You can play with the dogs.
All of the dogs are from shelters.
They have no homes.
You can adopt the dogs.
Dogs in some shelters are put to sleep.
The owner of the café does not like this.
She saves the dogs.
She helps the dogs and finds them new homes.
People like the café.
You pay 10 dollars to get one coffee and 55 minutes with the dogs.
Robert Moritz is an expert on global trade.
He speaks about globalization.
Globalization is the process by which companies and organizations operate around the world, not only in a few countries.
Moritz says that globalization is not stopping but changing.
People are now trading more with nearby places or just one other country.
Regions like North America, Europe, and Asia are becoming closer and working together more.
Some people think that everything will break apart.
But these regions are trying hard to trade more with each other to help their economies grow.
Moritz believes that our world is always changing.
It is something what people cannot stop.
It seems that in the future, countries will trade more with their neighbors.
This is a good and normal thing.
This news is about history.
There is a place in England.
It is near Cambridgeshire.
Archaeologists call it the British Pompeii.
It is an archaeological site.
It is full of interesting things.
These things are 3000 years old.
The things are well-preserved.
For example, archaeologists find a wheel.
This is the oldest wheel in Britain.
They also find bowls.
There are pieces of food in the bowls.
The experts say that this is amazing.
It is like steeping into somebody’s life or somebody’s home.
Surgeons in New York do something really amazing.
They complete the first whole-eye transplant in a person.
The surgery lasts 21 hours.
It is a big success.
The person, Aaron James, still cannot see with his eye.
The new eye is not talking to the brain yet.
But the eye seems healthy.
The blood is going through the vessels.
Eduardo Rodriguez is very excited about this historic step.
Doctors never think that this will be possible.
Aaron has an electrical accident at work.
A part of his face is hurt.
Scientists hope that this opens doors for future successful eye transplants.
Spain’s socialists and the Catalan separatist Junts party make a deal.
The deal is about an amnesty.
An amnesty is a pardon for people in prison.
This amnesty is for people involved in Catalonia’s independence drive.
The new law is for events from 2012 to now, including a 2014 vote and a 2017 referendum.
The referendum is against the law.
Nine leaders go to prison for this.
But they get amnesty in 2021.
The law will not give any names of people.
Carles Puigdemont is Junts’ leader.
He is in Belgium.
Spanish authorities are fighting to bring him back to Spain.
He faces charges there.
The law will help around 1,500 people.
Japan has a new island.
The island is about 100 meters wide.
It is in the Ogasawara island chain.
A volcano under the sea near Iwoto Island makes the island.
The volcano erupts in October.
Big eruptions start.
These happen when magma meets water.
Professor Fukashi Maeno sees the island.
He is flying above the volcano.
Smoke and ash go up during the eruptions.
Similar things happen in 2021.
We do not know what will happen to the island.
It may get bigger or go away.
It sometimes happens that such islands go away.
Wind and water help this process.
Japan gains and loses islands sometimes.
Bunter Vanbleu lives in a little village by the sea in Belgium.
He uses a special horse to catch shrimp.
This way of fishing is very old and important for local people.
The people who do this live near the sea.
They see how things are changing because of climate change.
They do not catch as many shrimp as before.
But they find new kinds of fish.
They come from the Atlantic Ocean.
Some of them can be dangerous.
The sea is getting warmer.
This change means that the fishing season is not the same.
In the past, people stop fishing when the first snow comes in December.
But now, there is no snow.
Everything is different.
Four men get into trouble.
They steal a golden toilet from a palace in England.
The toilet has a price of almost 6 million dollars.
It is part of an art show in an old place called Blenheim Palace.
The men come early in the morning in 2019.
They use two cars.
The four men will go to court on November 28.
The special toilet is called America.
It is still missing, and nobody knows where it can be now.
Blenheim Palace, where Winston Churchill is born, is very sad when the toilet disappears.
Previously, the toilet is part of an art show in a big museum in New York.
Hello students, There is a website for you.
It is for students of English.
It is for speaking via Skype.
You can find people at your level of English.
You can find people from different countries.
You can choose to talk to men or women.
Are you afraid of new people? Don’t worry! With Speak in Levels, you can start easily.
There are tips on the website.
These tips can help you.
Speak in Levels can help your English.
Doctors in Switzerland help a man with Parkinson’s walk better.
Marc Gauthier has Parkinson’s.
He cannot walk well.
But doctors help him.
They put an implant in his body.
He has something like tiny wires on his back and a little machine under his skin.
This machine sends messages to his legs to move.
Marc is happy now because he can leave his house and walk around.
Parkinson’s is a sickness that makes people shaky and stiff.
Doctors want to try this new thing on six more people next year.
They think it can make others feel better and walk like they used to.
In a talk on the radio, a person from Israel’s government says that Israel may use a big bomb on Gaza.
The leader of Israel, Benjamin Netanyahu, says that this is not true.
Israel does not want to hurt people who are not fighting.
This is a law among countries which fight with each other.
The first person later says that he is not serious about the bomb.
Right now, many bombs are falling on Gaza.
The Israeli army is getting ready to go into Gaza City.
The group called Hamas says that more than 10,000 people are dead.
The situation is getting worse.
Jordan sends help to the sick people in Gaza.
The US and others ask Israel to stop fighting for some time.
But Israel says no.
This news is from Tasmania.
A woman sees a dead wombat on the road.
She goes up to it.
She sees that its pouch is moving.
There is a baby wombat inside!.
She helps the baby out of the pouch.
It is cold so she puts it in a towel.
Another woman takes care of the baby wombat.
She keeps it in her bra.
This keeps the baby warm.
Also, it feels like a pouch to the baby.
The baby spends three months in the bra.
Every year, people are excited about Mark and Spencer’s Christmas ad.
But this year, some people are not happy with it.
M&S puts a picture on Instagram.
The picture shows Christmas party hats in the colors of the Palestinian flag.
The hats are burning.
M&S explains that it is just a funny picture from their TV ad.
They want to show that some people do not like paper Christmas hats.
They make the ad in August before the Israel-Gaza conflict starts.
M&S says that the hats are usual Christmas colors, like red, green, and silver.
They say sorry.
Some people are upset.
They do not like the picture, but others say that the picture is okay.
This news is about a dog.
He has two noses.
His name is Toby.
People find him in the streets of Fresno, California, USA.
People take the dog to a shelter.
The shelter tries to find Toby a new home.
However, it is not easy.
People do not want a two-nosed dog.
Toby is in danger.
If nobody takes him, the shelter has to put him down.
A man adopts him.
The man is a music producer.
He also has many special animals.
He has many two-headed animals.
He also has a five-legged dog, and a two-legged dog.
Russia has a new submarine called Imperator Alexander III.
It shoots a big missile called Bulava from under the sea in the White Sea.
The missile hits a place far away on the Kamchatka peninsula.
The Navy will take the submarine if the missile test is okay.
The submarine has 16 Bulava missiles.
They can travel as far as 8,000 kilometers.
President Putin makes Russia’s military stronger since 1999.
He says that Russia and the United States are not talking at all.
It is very bad.
But the two countries will talk again one day.
Russell Brand, an actor and comedian from Britain.
He has a big problem.
A lady called Jane Doe says that Brand does bad things to her.
This happens during the making of the film ‘Arthur’ in 2011.
Some other ladies also say Russell does bad things to them many years ago.
The police in Britain are looking at these stories.
But this one in New York is the first in a court.
Jane Doe says that Brand is drinking too much.
He wants to have sex with her in the restroom.
She does not want it.
She feels really bad about it now.
Russell Brand says that he does not do these things.
The film’s distributor Warner Bros Pictures is in trouble, too.
It seems that they know that bad things happen on set.
They do nothing about it.
Filmmaker Tonje Hessen Schei makes a documentary about Ilya Sutskever.
The man is an important scientist.
He creates ChatGPT.
The documentary is called iHuman.
In several interviews, Sutskever talks about his ideas and what he wants.
He talks with the filmmaker from 2016 to 2019.
This is the time when he is making the chat model.
The two men discuss AI and its impact.
Ilya wants a smart computer that can do jobs better than people.
He also asks if the smart computer competition is good or bad for people.
Today, people talk about AI’s good and bad sides.
Nobody knows what will happen with AI in the future.
This is what worries many people.
Walt Disney Studios is a famous company in the film industry.
It is just 100 years old.
Some people worry that Walt Disney is getting old.
The price of its shares is going down.
Disney has a long history of adapting to new things.
A long time ago, it is just one person named Disney.
He likes new things like sound and color.
He wants his cartoons to look real.
Disney creates 12 rules to make animations better.
He also uses sound and color in an unusual way.
Now, Disney must solve problems with streaming.
People want to know what Disney will do next.
The United States wants more soybean oil because of clean fuel rules.
This will make it hard for them to send soybean oil to other countries.
The amount of soybean oil which the US sells is the most in 2009/2010.5 million tons.
Between 2010 and 2021, it is about 1.0 million tons.
But in 2022, they only sell 2 million tons of soybean oil.
They also buy more soybean oil than they sell.
So now they are getting soybean oil from other countries for the first time.
People in the United States are using more soybean oil for eco-friendly projects.
This means that countries like China will buy less oil and more soybeans to make soybean oil in their own country.
Hello students, there is a website for you.
videosinlevels.
We want to help you with your listening.
We choose interesting videos from YouTube.
We put them on Videos in Levels.
We choose videos for six levels.
There are videos about hobbies, nature, interesting people, songs, films and also videos in simplified English.
Priests of Spain’s Catholic Church hurt many people.
They force them to do sexual activities.
Now, the Church says sorry to these people.
A study finds that 0.6% of more than 8,000 people say that they are hurt.
If we count people like school teachers in Catholic schools, the number is 1.
It is a very high number.
It means that more than one in 200 Spaniards is hurt.
The Church is not sure that the number is correct.
They say that it is less than that.
The Church has troubles in other countries like the United States and Ireland, too.
In Spain, nearly 60% of people are Catholic.
It is a big scandal in Spain.
A very sad accident happens during a hockey game.
Adam Johnson, a player for Nottingham Panthers, gets hurt.
An opponent’s skate cuts his throat.
Paramedics help Johnson on the ice.
But the man dies.
Matt Petgrave is the other player.
He is very upset about what happens.
Johnson’s girlfriend Ryan Wolfe shares a message on Instagram.
She says that she loves him very much.
People want all the players to wear neck guards.
A neck guard protects the neck.
Now, only players younger than 20 must wear them.
Adam Johnson is a good hockey player.
He plays for different teams, like the Pittsburgh Penguins and the Nottingham Panthers.
Officials cancel many games in the league to remember him.
This news is from Argentina.
There is an ice river.
It is 29 kilometres long.
It is a big tourist attraction.
There are 200 glaciers.
The only place that has more ice is Antarctica.
One of the glaciers is especially interesting.
It sheds ice every four years.
It is quite a show.
Many people come to watch it.
Red wolves live only in the USA.
They are coming back now.
A zoo in Washington helps red wolves.
The zoo cares for their teeth.
Bad teeth make it hard to eat.
There are only about 270 red wolves.
Most of them are in zoos.
Only 20 wolves live in the wild in North Carolina.
The zoo’s vets clean the wolves’ teeth and make sure they are healthy.
Wolves in the zoo live longer because they see the vet regularly.
In the past, red wolves live in many places but not anymore.
People are working hard to protect them and put them back in the wild.
A shop has a visitor.
The visitor is a monkey.
A man in the shop gives a piece of fruit to the monkey.
Then the monkey goes into the shop.
He sits on a chair.
Then he takes some money and he runs away.
The monkey is a thief!.
The man wants the money back.
He tries to give the monkey a banana.
The monkey does not want it.
He runs away with 10,000 rupees.
This is about 150 US dollars.
The man knows this monkey.
The monkey was at the shop before.
Now the man is more careful.
In Brazil, many seals and sea lions die.
Experts believe that bird flu kills them.
Bird flu can make animals very sick.
There is no medicine to help them.
There are cases of bird flu in Brazil some months ago.
Last month, experts find bird flu in sea animals in a state called Rio Grande do Sul.
Brazil is very famous for selling chickens.
But they say that there is no bird flu in chickens which they sell.
The dead seals and sea lions are in different places along the sea.
There are dead seals and sea lions near Uruguay, a country next to Brazil.
Peru, Chile, and Argentina find sick sea animals too.
In Brazil, they say it is still safe to eat chicken or eggs.
Bird flu is not in these animals at the moment.
The Beatles have a new song.
The song is called ‘Now and Then’.
The song has John Lennon’s voice.
Artificial intelligence makes the voice.
This song is the last Beatles song.
It has music from Paul McCartney, Ringo Starr, and George Harrison.
Paul McCartney says that it is nice to hear John’s voice.
The song comes from the late 1970s.
John Lennon makes a simple recording in New York.
The Beatles stop making music in 1970.
George Harrison dies in 2001.
John Lennon’s wife Yoko Ono gives the other Beatles the recordings.
But at that time, it is not possible to separate John’s singing and the piano sounds.
Now, smart computers can do it.
Everybody knows Chandler Bing.
Chandler is one of the characters from the show ‘Friends’.
Matthew Perry plays Chandler.
Sadly, Perry dies last week.
He is 54 years old.
Media say that Perry drowns in his house in Los Angeles.
Friends is a very popular TV show.
Many people still love it today.
A lot of famous people and even the Prime Minister of Canada, Justin Trudeau, say that they are sad and surprised.
Trudeau and Perry go to the same school in Ottawa, Canada.
Perry is a famous actor.
But he has many problems, too.
He drinks a lot of alcohol.
He takes many pills every day.
This brings many problems with his health.
He talks about it in a book which he writes in 2022.
His death is very sad for many people.
It is the year 1992.
A dog called Bobi is born.
He is a Portuguese mastiff.
Most dogs like him live for about 12 to 14 years.
But Bobi is different.
He lives for 31 years and 165 days.
Bobi’s life is difficult at first.
Nobody wants him and his three brothers.
People want to bury them.
It is a common thing to do at that time.
But a young boy named Leonel Costa and his brothers save Bobi.
The dog becomes a part of their family.
He lives with them all his life.
In February 2023, Bobi officially becomes the world’s oldest dog.
He breaks the record of 29 years and 5 months.
People believe that good food and a happy life make Bobi live so long.
Another financial quarter ends.
Microsoft does very well.
Especially its cloud business.
Microsoft’s shares go up 5%.
It happens mainly because of the Azure cloud.
At the same time, the cloud business of Google’s parent company Alphabet does not do so well.
Experts are not happy about this.
Alphabet’s shares go down by 7%.
Alphabet makes more money and sells more products.
But the company wants to see better results in artificial intelligence (AI).
They want Alphabet to do better than Microsoft’s Azure and Amazon’s AWS cloud businesses.
Microsoft talks a lot about AI technology, like Copilots and GenAI.
This helps them very much.
People know the products and buy them.
Microsoft also gives money to a startup called OpenAI which runs its AI chatbot ChatGPT.
Microsoft uses AI in many of its products, like Bing, Microsoft 365, and Github.
A report says that countries should make a new law about taxes.
This law would make rich people pay higher taxes.
This law would give the countries 250 billion dollars every year.
2,700 world billionaires have 13 trillion dollars.
So it is fair that they pay more.
Right now, these rich people do not pay much in taxes.
They hide their money in companies or other countries.
This is a big problem.
The tax system does not work well.
In the US, rich people pay around 0.
In France, they pay even less.
Some people say that this is not fair.
There are more and more rich people.
They should help with big problems like climate change and the COVID-19 pandemic.
It is the year 1972.
People go to the moon.
It is the Apollo 17 mission.
Astronauts bring back some rocks.
Now, scientists look at tiny rocks called zircon.
Scientists say that the moon is older than we believe.
It is over 4 billion years old.
A long time ago, something big hits Earth.
This is how the moon starts to exist.
Scientists use a special method to know how old the rocks are.
It is important to know the moon’s age.
It helps us understand our planet better.
The moon helps Earth stay steady and good for living.
It also affects the weather in the oceans.
People like the moon and want to explore space.
This news is from Tokyo.
People have animal cafés there.
They have cat, rabbit, owl, snake, and even hedgehog cafés.
One hedgehog café is called Harry.
This is a play on words.
Hari means needle in Japanese.
In the café, there are 30 hedgehogs.
Every hedgehog is of a different kind.
You can play with them.
One hour costs 9 dollars.
China will need special permission to send some graphite products to other countries.
The reason is to keep its people and things safe.
This is a surprise.
It seems that China wants to have control over special minerals that we use for many things.
China is the biggest maker and seller of these minerals.
Companies need these minerals for things like electric car batteries.
China’s new rule happens while many other countries are telling Chinese companies to follow rules in their businesses.
The European Union may make Chinese cars more expensive because of tariffs on electric cars from China.
Also, the US government is telling Chinese companies that they cannot use special computer parts anymore.
The US President Joe Biden talks about these important rocks in Washington with EU leaders.
Emma is a little girl.
She lives in Texas, USA.
She has a prosthetic leg.
Her parents talk to a company that makes prosthetics.
Her parents want to get Emma a doll with a prosthetic leg.
They order a doll.
They send it to the company.
The company makes a pink leg for the doll.
It writes a letter about the doll.
The company sends it to Emma’s house.
She is very happy.
She is so happy that she cries.
She reads the letter from the company.
Her parents film Emma’s reaction.
Many people watch the video on Facebook.
Foxconn is a company which makes iPhones for Apple.
It is in trouble with taxes in China.
A Chinese newspaper says that some parts of Foxconn in China have troubles with taxes.
They are also looking at how Foxconn uses land in Henan and Hubei provinces.
This is happening not long before Taiwan’s big election.
Also, Foxconn is trying to produce things in other places, not just China.
Taiwan says that China often tries to push them in different ways, like with the military or money.
Taiwan also says that China wants to change its elections.
The person who starts Foxconn, Terry Gou, now wants to be Taiwan’s president.
There is a new football league in Africa.
It is called the African Football League.
The league begins in Tanzania with eight teams.
Simba plays against Al Ahly.
The score is 2-2.
The teams will play again in Cairo.
The league is not exactly like what FIFA President Gianni Infantino wants in the beginning.
He wants a bigger tournament with more prize money.
But the league is different.
It is like a short competition which lasts only 17 days.
Each team gets 1 million dollars.
The winner gets 4 million dollars.
Only one sponsor, Visit Saudi, helps with the league.
The league may get bigger next year.
But for now, it is like a small tournament.
Around 100,000 people meet in central London.
They want Israel to stop bombing Gaza.
This happens after a surprise attack by Hamas and Israel’s reaction to the attack.
Protesters walk through central London.
The protest starts at 2 pm.
It takes about three hours.
The police arrest ten people.
These people use fireworks or make problems.
They hurt emergency workers.
At the same time, the Rafah border crossing opens.
It means that help can go into Gaza.
People are suffering.
They have little food and water.
They need more help.
The Amazon River in Brazil is very low.
It does not rain enough in the area.
This is making life hard for people and nature.
Small rivers that go into the Amazon River are also drying up.
Boats cannot move.
People from faraway villages do not have enough food and water.
Boats cannot get there.
Dolphins in the river are also dying because it is too hot.
In the city of Manaus, there was only 13.59 meters of water.
It is two meters less than last year.
It is the lowest in 100 years.
The reason for this is a weather problem called El Nino.
It brings unusual weather.
Experts think that this will last until December.
More than 481,000 people are in trouble.
Netflix users cannot share passwords anymore.
This helps Netflix get about 6 million new subscribers.
The company wants to make their prices higher soon.
Disney already does that.
Netflix is a unique company.
It makes money while others do not.
Some experts say that Netflix is like water or electricity, things which people need every day.
But it is not easy to still grow when you are like that.
There is a big problem in Hollywood with people who make movies and TV shows.
But Netflix is okay because it is a big company in many countries with lots of good stuff to watch.
They want to make the prices higher for plans without ads soon.
Most new subscribers like those plans.
News in Levels helps students learn English.
Do you know how to use News in Levels? This manual can help you.
It is important to do these three activities every day.
It is good to do these activities for 30 minutes – 30 minutes reading, 30 minutes listening, 30 minutes speaking.
If you like News in Levels, please send this link to your friends.
They can also benefit from this website – www.
Thank you very much.
Have a nice day,
The top court in India says no to same-sex marriage.
This means that two men or two women cannot legally get married.
The court says that the parliament must decide about this.
The LGBTQ community is sad.
They hope for a different answer.
Five years ago, the court says it’s okay for people to love who they want.
But now, it is different.
The ruling party says that Indian families are only husbands, wives, and children.
Many people asked the court about this in the past.
The chief justice says that the court cannot make new laws, just explain old ones.
He also says that being gay is not something only for rich or city people.
A football match between Belgium and Sweden stops.
It is a qualifier match for the Euro 2024.
It happens because a man starts shooting in Brussels.
A video shows the man.
He belongs to the Islamic State.
He kills two people.
These people wear Sweden shirts.
The shooting is a terrorist attack.
Sweden’s players decide not to play anymore because of this.
The score is 1-1 when they stop.
The match ends after the first half.
All players and fans at the stadium are safe.
Belgium is already in the Euro 2024 finals.
Sweden cannot go there after a match between Austria and Azerbaijan.
The British are often upset by the weather.
However, there is a future for waterproof clothing.
The water just jumps off the cloth.
A special chemical does the jumping effect.
People use this chemical in house paint.
For the first time, people spray the chemical on boots and a jacket.
They use dirty water for testing.
It really works!.
People want to make this chemical stronger.
They can use it for buildings and windows.
When it rains, there is no dust on the glass or the buildings.
We do not need to clean the windows.
Everybody likes that!.
Australia says no to a plan which would help Aboriginal people and their problems.
Australians do not want to change their constitution.
Also, they say no to a plan to create a special group which would talk to politicians about Indigenous problems.
But most people do not want it.
On Saturday, there is a big vote.
Shortly after the vote, it is already clear that the plan is not going to happen.
Some people feel sad.
They think that Aboriginal people still have problems with health, school, and more.
The vote happens 235 years after the British people come to Australia.
Many people do not treat Aboriginal people fairly.
Some people want to change it.
But it will be very hard now.
This news is about a chimp.
It is in a zoo.
The zoo is in Northern Japan.
The chimp escapes.
It goes to the city.
It moves up in the power lines.
People want to catch the chimp.
It is not easy.
They shoot it with a tranquilizer.
The chimp falls asleep.
There are people on the ground.
They try to catch the chimp.
They don’t catch it.
However, the chimp is fine.
Many people in the Americas watched a special event, a solar eclipse.
It happens when the moon moves in front of the sun.
It makes a ‘ring of fire’ in the sky.
Oscar Lopez is 26 years old.
He travels from Mexico City to see the eclipse.
He thinks it is amazing.
The eclipse’s path goes from the US to the ocean.
In Campeche, hundreds of people watch the moon slowly move in front of the sun.
Isaac asks his girlfriend to marry him during the eclipse.
Maria lives in a small village in Guatemala.
She is a mom with six children.
She has a hard time finding enough food for them.
Her neighbors sometimes give her food.
Her children are not growing as they should because they do not have enough to eat.
In Guatemala, many people are hungry.
Some children are very sick because of this.
More children die these days.
Some families even want to go to the United States to live better lives.
The weather is changing, too.
There is less rain.
It is getting harder to grow crops.
Many young people in Maria’s village want to leave and find food somewhere else.
Bernie Ecclestone is an ex-Formula One boss.
Ecclestone does something wrong in 2015.
He says that some things do not belong to him.
But this is not true.
These things are in other countries.
They are worth hundreds of millions of dollars.
Ecclestone does not want to pay high taxes.
Ecclestone pays little taxes between 1994 and 2022.
Now, he must pay 803 million dollars.
He says that he is sorry for not telling the truth about his money.
The judge says that Ecclestone does not have to go to jail if he does nothing bad for two years.
Exxon Mobil is a big oil company.
Exxon is buying another company called Pioneer Natural Resources.
This deal is about a lot of money, 59.5 billion dollars.
When this deal is ready, Exxon will become the biggest company in the Permian Basin.
The Permian Basin is one of the most important oilfields in the United States.
Exxon will pay for this deal with its own stock.
The price for each share is 253 dollars.
That is more than what Pioneers’ shares usually cost.
The deal connects the biggest oil company in the United States with another very successful company, Pioneer.
The deal will be ready in early 2024.
Samsung Electronics is a big company.
Its profit for the third quarter is not as bad as experts expect.
The memory chip market is in trouble.
But things are starting to get better.
Samsung’s shares go up by 3.
It is better than the wider market’s 1.
Samsung believes that its profit from July to September will be about 1.7 billion dollars.
It is much less than last year.
But it is still better than what most experts think.
An expert says that things are looking good.
The chip business is not great right now, but it will get better in the future.
The Little Prince is a famous book.
It is a book by Antoine de Saint-Exupéry.
Now, you can listen to the story of the little prince.
You can listen at www.
thelittleprinceinlevels.
The book is in three levels.
You can send this book to your friends.
We hope that you like the book.
The book is from the year 1943.
The book is one of the best books in history.
It is the year 2021.
A young woman goes to a hospital in eastern Poland.
She is pregnant.
But her baby has a serious problem.
She wants an abortion.
The doctors at the hospital say no.
They do not want to break the law.
This woman’s name is Agata.
Her story shows what the opposition in Poland thinks about women’s rights.
Eight years ago, the PiS party gets to power.
Since that time, women’s rights become worse.
Agata gets her abortion somewhere else later.
People who work to change these laws help her.
Her story is important because many people are thinking about it before an important vote on Sunday.
Women’s rights are a big topic for people these days.
All planes at Luton Airport must stop.
A big fire starts on Tuesday at around 9 PM.
It happens in a car park.
The fire destroys the place.
The fire is an accident.
Luckily, no one is hurt.
But some firefighters and airport workers must get help from a doctor.
They inhale some smoke.
The airport cares most about safety and wants to start working again soon.
The parking place holds about 1,900 cars.
The fire destroys many of them.
There were no sprinklers in the car park.
People want to put them in in the future.
Albino skin sometimes happens in animals and in humans.
People see it in mammals, birds, and reptiles.
It happens because their skin does not have colour.
It rarely happens in marine mammals.
In 2008, marine experts in Mexico see a young albino whale.
She is part of a group of grey whales.
Recently, marine experts see the same albino whale.
She now has a baby with her.
Her baby has normal colour.
A historian finds a Nazi membership card of a Dutch prince.
The card says that Prince Bernhard belongs to the NSDAP, Adolf Hitler’s party.
Prince Bernhard is born in 1911.
He marries a Dutch royal lady in the 1930s.
All his life, Bernhard says that he never belongs to NSDAP.
He is only in their army.
This makes many people angry.
Now, when there is this old card, some people want to look into the problem more.
Some other documents say that Bernhard ends in NSDAP in 1936.
At the same time, he becomes engaged to Princess Juliana.
She becomes queen later.
The Dutch government knows about the card, but they do not want to check it.
This news is from the state of Victoria, Australia.
A man is at a train station.
He gets down from the platform.
He walks onto the line.
He wants to get to the opposite platform.
A train is coming.
It is going 88 kilometres per hour.
The man does not know about the train.
The train sounds its horn and the man hears it.
The train slows down.
The man moves out of the train’s way.
The train does not hit the man.
A security camera filmed the incident.
The United Arab Emirates (UAE) has its first big wind energy project.
A company called Masdar does it.
This project can make electricity for 23,000 houses every year.
It also helps the air.
120,000 tons of CO2 emissions will not get into the air.
It is the same as taking away 26,000 cars.
Masdar works with two other companies, PowerChina and GoldWind International.
These three companies make special turbines.
These turbines can make power even if the wind is not very strong.
UAE likes clean energy.
They also have solar and nuclear energy.
UAE will host a big climate summit soon.
They want to show that they care about the planet.
On Saturday, three big earthquakes happen in different places around the world, Papua New Guinea, Mexico, and Afghanistan.
The worst one hits Afghanistan, near Herat City.
It has a magnitude of 6.
It kills 15 people and hurts 78.
It is possible that there are more dead people.
After the first shake, there are three more big shakes.
Houses fall and people stay inside.
Afghanistan gets lots of earthquakes because two big pieces of the Earth’s crust crash there.
In Mexico and Papua New Guinea, the earthquakes have a magnitude 6.
Luckily, nobody dies.
Hamas attacks Israel on Saturday morning.
It is a surprise attack.
Hamas fires more than 2,000 rockets.
Hamas soldiers kill people in Israeli towns.
Israel says that it is a war.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says that Israel will win the war.
Hamas wants to free the al-Asqa mosque.
Another group called Islamic Jihad joins the conflict.
People worry that more fighting will start.
Israel needs more soldiers.
Hamas kills more than 260 people at a music festival.
Some people run away.
There are people from other countries, too, for example, the United States or Germany.
In luxury fashion, India helps European fashion houses make clothes.
India is good at making clothes.
But companies do not speak much about the situation in Indian factories.
Children often work there.
Workers get only a little money.
Big brands say ‘Made in France’ or ‘Made in Italy’ on clothes.
But they really make them in India.
This is not fair and transparent.
One special jacket costs 43,000 Euros.
India does 2,000 hours of work on it.
Europe does only 100 hours.
But the label says ‘Made in France’ which is not really true.
Some brands are starting to say that they use India, but it is not easy in the fashion world.
Giorgia Meloni is the prime minister of Italy.
She has far-right ideas.
A year ago, Meloni says that she will stop illegal migration from Africa.
It does not happen.
But Meloni is now an important person in Europe when talking about migration.
Italy is a place where many people come to Europe.
And more people are coming every year.
It can happen that leaders in Europe will not agree on what to do about migration.
If so, Meloni wants to use this situation to be successful in the European elections.
Some people think that she is not as strict as in the past.
Even people who do not agree with her ideas like her more.
She makes Italy more stable.
Meloni is friends with Joe Biden or Volodymyr Zelenskiy, but she is also getting closer to far-right Viktor Orbán in Hungary.
We have a test for students of English.
You can see how many words you know in English.
The test is very simple.
The test is 3 minutes long.
You can do the test at www.
Let’s introduce you to Dorothy Hoffner.
This lovely lady is from Chicago, the United States.
She will be 105 years old soon.
Recently, Hoffner does something very exciting.
She jumps out of an airplane with a parachute.
She is the oldest person to do it.
She says it is a wonderful and pleasant experience for her.
Now, here is the best part.
Hoffner is not stopping there.
She is planning other things.
She wants to ride in a hot air balloon.
It is a new thing for her.
Hoffner’s story shows that age is not important.
We can always have fun and try new things.
It is never too late.
Cubans are going to Russia.
They want to work there.
They fight for Russia.
Yamidely Cervantes is from Cuba.
She speaks about her husband.
He leaves Cuba.
He works in Russia now.
He sends her money.
It is much more money than people in Cuba usually earn.
Many people in Cuba have no job.
The situation is bad.
That is why they go to Russia.
Some men want to fight.
Some do different jobs.
A report says that more than one hundred Cuban men go to Russia.
They train in the army.
But no one knows where.
Cuba has big problems with money.
Some men think that fighting for Russia is the only thing they can do.
Two cliff divers jump into the Zambezi River.
They jump from 30 metres.
The river is a boundary between Zambia and Zimbabwe.
It is near Victoria Falls.
The men are professionals.
They normally jump from between 26.5 and 28 metres.
Thirty metres is new to them.
Victoria Falls are the largest in the world.
People also call them Mosi-oa-Tunya or the Smoke that Thunders.
Dianne Feinstein dies at the age of 90.
She is an important member of the US Senate.
She is an inspiration for women in American politics.
Feinstein does amazing things.
She works on important problems like gun control in the US.
She is the first woman to represent California in the US Senate.
She is also the longest-serving female senator in US history.
Her death has a big impact on US politics.
Now, several candidates want her Democratic seat.
President Joe says that Feinstein is tough but also kind.
She is not only a politician but also a good friend.
Once a year, pandas can mate.
Panda females can get pregnant for only 2 or 3 days.
This makes getting pregnant difficult.
Two pandas are in a zoo in Vienna, Austria.
They mate a few times.
This is special.
The zoo films the pandas.
They let people see the video.
Pandas are pregnant for up to 163 days.
The zoo must wait to see if the panda is pregnant.
Robert Fico wins the election in Slovakia.
He is a pro-Russian politician and the leader of the SMER-SSD party.
This party gets nearly 23% of the votes in the election.
Now, Fico is going to talk with others to form a government.
Fico does not like the European Union helping Ukraine with guns.
He thinks Slovakia should not send guns to Ukraine.
Many people in Slovakia agree with him.
They think that the West wants to hurt Russia.
Fico wants to help Ukraine in different ways, but not with guns.
People think that Fico may change his words and be more careful when he speaks.
But experts say that his victory means a move away from liberal politics in central Europe.
A sad event happens in Spain.
There is a big fire in two nightclubs in Murcia.
At least 13 people die.
Some people are still missing.
The fire starts in the Teatre nightclub early in the morning.
It is hard for rescue workers because the roof of one club falls.
It is not clear where and how the fire starts.
People outside the clubs worry.
They wait for news about their friends and family.
Some people leave the clubs just before the alarms and lights go off.
These people are lucky.
The mayor declared three days of mourning for the dead people.
The prime minister and the city say that it is a very sad time for the families.
Police in England arrest a young boy.
The boy is only 16 years old.
The police believe that the boy cuts down a very old and famous tree.
This tree is 300 years old.
It is even in a Robin Hood movie.
Kevin Costner plays in the movie.
The police believe that someone cuts the tree down on purpose.
It is not an accident.
People in the area are very unhappy about it.
The tree is part of their lives.
They want to plant new trees like the old one.
But it will take many years before another tree grows.
Many people say that it is not possible to replace the dead tree.
Lego is a famous Danish toy company.
They try to make their bricks without using oil-based plastics.
But it does not work well.
They have to stop.
The new material makes more emissions than the material which they use normally.
The boss of Lego says that they cannot find a good enough material.
But the company still wants to use good materials by 2032.
Lego starts trying this in 2020.
It is hard because they need a material which does not harm the natural world.
But at the same time, the material must look and sound like the old bricks.
In Antarctica, there’s a problem.
The ice in the sea is getting very small.
This winter, it is the smallest ever.
This makes scientists worried because they think it is because of the global warming.
It is bad for animals like penguins.
They need the ice for their homes and babies.
Also, it can make the Earth warmer because ice sends sunlight back to space.
On September 10 this year, the ice covers only 16.96 million square kilometers.
That is the smallest number since 1979.
In 1979, scientists start using satellites to watch the ice.
The old record from 1986 has more ice, about 1 million square kilometers more.
Are you a language student? Do you want to be better? If you want to learn Spanish, French, German, Chinese, or Indonesian, here are five new websites which can help you.
These websites offer news articles in three levels of difficulty.
The articles are about politics, technology, sports, and nature.
Level 1 is for beginners.
The articles are very simple.
Many students can understand them.
Level 2 is for pre-intermediate learners.
The articles are longer and more difficult than those in Level 1.
Level 3 is for intermediate learners.
The articles are more difficult than those in Level 2.
The articles are not only great for language learners but also for teachers.
Teachers can use the news to teach their students.
Best of all, the websites are free to use.
So, what are you waiting for? Learn a new language with the help of these websites.
spanishinlevels.
frenchinlevels.
germaninlevels.
chineseinlevels.
beritabahasainggris.
Tesla makes a special truck, Cybertruck.
In 2019, Elon Musk says that the truck will cost 40,000 dollars.
But now, the truck costs 60,990 dollars.
It is 50% more.
The truck looks different.
It is from shiny steel.
Elon Musk says that Cybertruck is better than other trucks.
But some people think that it costs too much.
Other companies, like Ford and Rivian, have similar trucks.
Tesla’s business depends on this new truck.
Tesla hopes that many people will buy it.
It can be interesting for rich people who want to have something special.
Musk is the boss of Tesla.
He says that it can take a year or more to make a lot of money from it.
In the 1870s, a doctor lives in a small house in Kansas, US.
He works in his house, too.
One night, a woman comes to him.
She has her sick daughter.
The little girl dies during a surgery.
Since that time, strange things happen in the house.
The little girl’s name is Sally.
Some people believe that Sally’s spirit is still in the house.
In 1993, a young couple moves in the house.
Very bad things happen.
Things move around the house.
At night, people hear someone walking in the house.
They are scared.
They call an investigator.
The man has a special device.
He says that he can talk to Sally.
He says that paranormal things happen.
Paranormal means nobody can explain something.
Nobody understands how and why they happen.
Senator Bob Menendez works in New Jersey.
He has a problem.
Some people say he does something wrong.
But he says that it is not true.
Menendez has lots of money at home, 480,000 dollars.
He says that it is for emergencies.
He takes out the money for 30 years.
He does it because his family in Cuba has problems.
Many people do not believe this story.
Officers find other things in the man’s home, for example, gold bars and a fancy car.
Menendez says that some people make an opinion about him too quickly.
His parents are from Cuba.
But he is born in New York.
He does not want to quit his job.
A NASA capsule comes back to Earth from space.
It has something special inside, soil from an asteroid.
This capsule travels through the sky and lands in a special place in Utah, near Salt Lake City.
The US military uses this place for training and testing.
This is only the third time ever that we get soil from space.
NASA and the University of Arizona work together for six years to make all this happen.
Japan’s space agency does this two times before, in 2010 and 2020.
But this mission is much bigger.
Many people watch the capsule land on TV.
A parachute helps the capsule land.
Some people worry because they do not know if the parachute works well.
But luckily, everything works without problems and the capsule lands safely.
A man is in Northern Sweden.
He is in the wild with some friends.
They come across poo.
Everybody stands around the poo.
They want to know what animal it came from.
Everybody is interested in knowing.
This inspires the man.
He opens a museum.
It is the National Poo Museum.
It is on the Isle of Wight in England.
You can see many types of poo at the museum.
It is not just for fun.
Poo can tell experts a lot about animals.
It tells them if the animals are healthy.
The Philippines is mad at China.
They say China put barriers in the sea.
These barriers stop Filipino fishermen.
The Philippines’ coast guard and fisheries bureau are not happy.
China says that the sea belongs to them and they can do what they want.
But other countries like Vietnam, Malaysia, Brunei, Indonesia, and the Philippines also say it is theirs.
The place which they fight about is called the Scarborough Shoal.
China takes it from the Philippines.
It happens in 2012.
But later, China lets Filipino fishermen go there.
Now, it’s a problem again because China puts the barriers in the sea.
This has a bad impact on Filipino fishermen and their lives.
This news is from a zoo.
The zoo is in England.
A gorilla is pregnant.
She has problems.
People must take out the baby.
They carry out the caesarean section.
The baby is fine.
She is one kilogram heavy.
She hasn’t got a name yet, but she already likes her mother.
She is quite emotional.
No animal doctor does the caesarean section.
A doctor for humans does it.
He says that gorillas are like humans.
Two special planes land on a highway.
They are fighter jets from Norway.
It is part of a training.
It happened in Tervo, Finland.
The planes get fuel while their engines are working.
This is called hotpit refuelling.
This makes the planes safer during a war.
The leader of the Norwegian Air Force says that fighter planes are not safe when they are on the ground.
So, landing on roads is good for them.
They do not need fields.
They can take off and land more easily.
Finland is close to Russia.
They have a long border together.
Finland wants to buy 64 of these planes.
The leader of Saudi Arabia says that the country will want a nuclear weapon if Iran gets one.
This worries some people in the US government.
They are trying to make Saudi Arabia and Israel friends.
But it is very difficult.
There are problems with the Palestinians.
And the US Congress must agree.
This is hard because Saudi Arabia does not treat people well.
The biggest problem is about nuclear things.
Some people in the US government want to change the rules to help Saudi Arabia.
But many others do not like this.
They do not want Saudi Arabia to have nuclear weapons.
Brazil’s top court helps Indigenous people very much.
The court says no to a plan which would stop them from getting their land.
Many people are very happy in Brazil.
Especially in the Amazon area.
Lots of Indigenous people live there.
The court protects their history and rights.
There are 11 judges.
Only two judges say yes to the plan.
Ex-president Jair Bolsonaro chooses these judges in the past.
He does not care about Indigenous people.
Before this, some people worry that Indigenous people will not get their land.
It would be very bad for them.
So, the court’s decision is really important.
It is a win for Indigenous people.
It also shows that Brazil has to care about these people more.
Elon Musk has a company called Neuralink.
They want to try something new with people who cannot move their bodies.
Some people cannot move because their back or their muscles are sick.
These people can take part in a test.
In the test, a robot will put an implant in the brain of the person.
The implant can help them control a computer only with their mind.
At first, Neuralink wants to test this on ten people.
But US authorities worry if the implant is safe for people.
So it is not clear how many people will take part in the trial.
It will probably take more than ten years to test everything.
Elon Musk thinks the implant can also help people who are very fat or who have mental problems.
But first, they need to see if it is safe for people to use.
Thailand has a big problem.
There is too much plankton in the water.
Plankton are small things in the water.
But when there are too many, it hurts other animals in the sea.
This is making it hard for fishermen who grow mussels.
Plankton usually blooms for just one or two days.
But this time, there is more plankton than usual.
Plankton takes oxygen from the water.
Also, it does not let enough sunlight in.
It means that some animals and plants can die.
In Chonburi, many people grow mussels, but now more than 80% of them are having problems.
Fishermen are losing a lot of money.
Scientists do not know exactly why this is happening.
Some say that it is because the water is getting too warm and dirty.
We have a special website for you.
The name is www.
grammarinlevels.
You can learn grammar for your level.
You can send this website to your friends.
We hope that you like this project.
Petanque is an old game from France.
People throw steel balls close to a small wooden ball.
They stand inside a circle.
They must have their feet on the ground.
In Benin, there is a World Petanque Championship.
Terrazini Marcel Bio takes part.
The championship takes place in a new arena.
Bio wants to win a prize because he almost wins before in 2016.
But he is not lucky.
He wins only the silver medal in the Men’s Doubles game.
Many people do not believe that Benin could have this big game.
But it happens.
It is a big success for the country.
People from 36 countries came to play.
The game makes many people happy, and everyone likes it.
The world’s debt is now 307 trillion dollars.
It is the highest number ever.
Banks are not lending as much money as before.
Interest rates are higher.
But the debt is still growing.
A recent report says that in the first part of 2023, the debt goes up by 10 trillion dollars.
Over ten years, it goes up by 100 trillion dollars.
The report says that prices go up very fast.
This makes the debt go down in the last two years.
But the situation will change in the coming months.
Most of this new debt is from rich countries like the US, Japan, Britain, and France.
In other countries like China, India, and Brazil, the debt also goes up.
Experts say that when the interest rates are higher, it will be more difficult for governments and people to pay the money back.
In England, some oak trees grow.
They keep growing for 920 more years.
They grow through many historic events.
Now they grow at a palace.
They are protected in the palace’s walls.
No one knows how old they are.
One expert thinks about it.
He asks to study the oak trees.
He looks at their circumferences.
He sees how old they are.
The trees are special.
They are the oldest oak trees in Europe.
There are also many of them.
People do not usually find this many old trees in one area.
In Nigeria, prices go up a lot in August.
Every year, the country looks at how much things cost.
This is called inflation.
And this time, it is really high at 25.
It is the highest number in 18 years.
President Bola Tinubu does some things in May which make prices go up.
He stops giving extra money to people and companies for petrol.
He changes the way how money works between countries.
This means that food and transport cost more now.
And people are very upset.
This is the eighth month in a row that prices go up.
The number is the highest since 2005.
Experts say that this happens because the money in Nigeria is more expensive.
Some things, like fuel and food, cost more.
The central bank is going to decide what to do with money on 26 September.
Here is some news from a zoo.
This zoo is in Ohio, USA.
The zoo makes a video.
The video shows a polar bear.
At the beginning of the video, the polar bear is only 7 days old.
At the end of the video, the polar bear is 83 days old.
You can see how she grows.
The zoo needs a name for the bear.
The zoo asks people.
They choose the name Nora.
Nora’s mother doesn’t take care of her.
People take care of Nora instead.
She is fine and she is very popular on the Internet.
Weeds are wild plants.
They grow in fields.
Farmers do not want them in their fields.
Farmers use a lot of chemicals.
These chemicals kill weeds.
But chemicals are not good for nature.
Most farming machines are big and expensive.
They work only a little bit every year.
Another problem is that most chemicals end up in soil and on plants.
This way of farming is expensive and it does not work very well.
One company makes drones.
These drones use AI.
The drones fly over fields.
They find weeds.
They spray only weeds.
This saves money and the planet, too.
The drones save 95% of chemicals.
The UK will ban the American XL bully dog breed.
The Prime Minister Rishi Sunak says this.
The ban will start at the end of this year.
It happens because these dogs are having problems.
They attack people.
They are dangerous, especially for children.
Recently, the American XL bully dog kills a person.
The government must make a new law.
This law will mean that the dog will be illegal in the UK.
Many people are not happy about this dog breed.
They say that it is not only about a few badly trained dogs.
It is a bigger problem.
But some people do not believe that the ban will work.
The ban will give the police the power to do something about these dangerous dogs.
Daniel Auderer is a police officer and a top police official in Seattle, the United States.
Police video shows him laughing about a tragic incident.
A young Indian woman is crossing a street.
A police car hits her.
The car is driving at 119 km/h.
But there is a 40 km/h zone.
The officer is in an emergency.
The car kills the woman.
The police say that it is an accident.
The officer is working again.
But in the video, Auderer makes bad jokes about the woman.
He speaks about how old she is.
He says that her life is not very important.
People are very angry about this.
They wonder how good the police in Seattle are.
Los Angeles City authorities vote about Marilyn Monroe’s old house.
They want to make it special.
It is an important and cultural landmark.
They do not want to demolish the building.
All the people in the council agree with it.
They vote that the house must stay there.
Now, experts will decide if the house is really so important.
Until then, it is not possible to make big changes to the house.
Marilyn Monroe buys this house for 75,000 dollars.
It happens in the 1960s.
She is not married anymore at this time.
She dies there when she is 36 years old.
She takes too many sleeping pills.
Monroe is a famous actress.
She plays in movies like ‘Gentlemen Prefer Blondes’ and ‘Some Like It Hot’.
Students in Switzerland make a very fast electric car.
The car is called Mythen.
It is special because it can go from 0 to 100 kilometers per hour in less than a second.
It drives just 12.3 meters to reach 100 kilometers per hour.
This makes it the fastest electric car in the world.
It is the Guinness World record.
About 30 students work on the car for almost one year.
They make everything for the car.
The car is very different from any other car.
It is so fast only because the students work very hard.
They think about every part of the car.
The car is not heavy.
It weighs only 140 kilograms.
But has the power of about 240 kilowatts.
Hello students, we have a website for you.
Its name is www.
You can read jokes in three levels.
You can also listen to the jokes.
Have fun with the jokes.
Factories and storage places in Mexico need more electricity for their work.
They want to make solar panels themselves.
They even want to pay for it.
But the government controls energy in the country.
Mexico already has problems with electricity.
It will get worse because big companies like Tesla come to Mexico.
They will start their business in the north of Mexico.
Mexico only lets people make 500 kilowatts of renewable energy on their own.
Some organizations ask the government to let them make more.
They need more electricity for their work.
The world is using less fossil fuels.
But Mexico’s president Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador wants to use more of them.
He does not help companies which use renewable energy.
Mark Dickey is a caver.
He is very good at this activity.
He is in Morca Cave, Turkey.
He has problems.
He has problems with his stomach.
Blood comes out of his mouth.
He thinks that he will die in the cave.
He cannot get out himself.
The Turkish government reacts quickly.
More than 200 people help rescue Mark.
These are people from all world.
The mission is difficult.
The cave is very deep.
It is cold in there.
Marks spends 12 days in the cave.
In the end, rescuers save him.
Mark and his parents are very happy.
They thank everyone for saving Mark’s life.
This news is about two sisters.
They are from Bolivia.
They are only three and nine years old when a volcano erupts.
20,000 people die.
The volcano destroys the sisters’ town.
The event separates the sisters.
Different people adopt them.
This happens in 1985.
Thirty years later, one of the sisters is in a video.
She talks about her family.
She wants to find them.
The other sister sees the video.
She finds her sister.
The two sisters meet again.
They have 30 years to talk about! They are also trying to find their parents.
Japan is worried about Mount Fuji.
Too many tourists are visiting.
It is causing problems.
The area is very dirty.
Authorities are thinking about how to solve the problems.
Tourists may use a tram.
This will limit how many people can go to the mountain.
There are also problems with dirty bathrooms and trash on the paths.
Mount Fuji is a special mountain in Japan.
Many people love it.
Mount Fuji becomes famous ten years ago.
It is called a UNESCO World Heritage site.
But too many people are coming.
Authorities worry that it will not be so interesting for people anymore.
In India, there is a festival.
There are four elephants at the festival.
They are tied up, but one elephant breaks free.
It is aggressive.
It attacks vehicles which are near it.
It attacks twenty-seven vehicles.
Two people ride on the elephant.
They cannot control the animal, but everybody is fine.
Things like this happen often in India.
Elephants are often at festivals.
Iran and the United States will exchange prisoners soon.
They will also send $6 billion to Qatar’s banks.
This will happen next week.
Iran lets four US people out of prison on August 10.
The US Secretary of State says this is the first step to send them home.
The US does not say who the prisoners are.
Some of them have dual citizenship.
It means that they can officially live in two countries, Iran and the United States.
Qatar helps Iran and the US talk and make the exchange happen.
Qatar will also make sure Iran uses the money the right way.
Qatar will tell Iran and the US when to let the prisoners go.
Scientists find a strange golden object on the ocean floor near Alaska.
The object looks like a small ball.
Scientists think that it could be an egg from an unknown animal.
It could also be a sponge from the sea.
A robot submarine finds it very deep in the water, about 3.2 kilometers down.
Scientists are doing tests to learn more about the ball.
It feels like soft skin.
The scientists use a robot arm to pick it up and take it to a lab.
This happens during a big mission to learn more about the sea in Alaska.
Experts are looking at deep-sea animals and rocks.
The mission ends on 15 September.
Danilo Cavalcante is a murderer.
He kills his girlfriend in 2021.
He is in prison in Pensylvania, the United States.
He must stay in prison for the rest of his life.
The man is 34 years old.
But Cavalcante escapes.
He does something unusual to get out.
He walks like a crab to climb two walls.
He put his hands on one wall and his feet on another wall.
Then he goes up to the roof.
He gets through sharp wire.
He does this just days after he comes to the prison.
Police do not know where the man is now.
Some people see him in the area close to the prison.
The police say he is dangerous.
They ask people to be watchful.
Another man does the same thing before.
But the police catch him fast.
The prison will make things safer now.
Indian President Droupadi Murmu calls herself the President of Bharat.
Many people start to wonder if India is planning to change its name.
Usually, officials the name India in English and Bharat in Hindi.
So it is not common for the president to use the name Bharat in English.
Some people say that the name India comes from the time when India is a British colony.
But experts say that the name is much older than that.
The parliament may discuss the change during its next meeting.
To change the name, it would be necessary to change India’s constitution.
People protest at the Venice Film Festival.
The protests happen because people are not happy with Woody Allen’s film.
The film’s title is ‘Coup De Chance’.
It is in French language.
It is Woody Allen’s 50th film.
People shout at Allen when he is on the red carpet.
Security fights with them.
Some people believe that Allen sexually attacks his adopted daughter in the 1990s.
Things get worse when the #MeToo movement starts.
Allen says that he understands #MeToo.
But some things are a little silly.
Do you want to learn English every day? We have a special book for you.
You can learn English for your level.
The name of the book is Robinson Crusoe.
You can find the book at www.
robinsoncrusoeinlevels.
You can read one chapter every day.
You can learn 1290 new words.
You can learn grammar which is important for your level.
We hope you will enjoy the book.
Bradley Cooper makes a film about Leonard Bernstein.
Bernstein is a famous American musician.
He writes classical music and musicals, for example, ‘West Side Story’.
Bernstein’s parents are Jewish.
They immigrate to the United States.
Bradley Cooper plays Bernstein in the film.
Kazu Hiro is the makeup artist of the film.
He makes a fake nose for Cooper.
He wants to make Bernstein look realistic.
The trailer comes out.
But some people do not like the nose.
They have bad feelings about it.
They say that the nose supports stereotypes about Jewish people.
Hiro says that he is sorry that some people feel bad.
The film about Bernstein’s life will be on Netflix on Dec.
Heavy rain hits Spain.
In Madrid, there is the heaviest rainfall since 1972.
Water gets in the metro.
People, who travel by the metro, cannot believe it.
Videos on social media show how water pours inside.
Some people scream.
Two people go missing in Spain.
One of them is a small boy.
Water and mud sweep away a man in Aldea del Fresno.
Two people die.
Water damages bridges and roads.
Some public transport stops working.
Madrid’s boss asks people to stay at home.
Experts warn that more rain is coming.
It can fall up to 120 liters of rain per square meter.
This news is about chess.
There is a special version of chess.
It is cold-water chess.
You play chess, and you sit in very cold water.
The game is not new.
Some people played in Soviet times.
Now, two Russian men play it again.
The game can look a little crazy.
But the men like it.
They say that cold water helps you concentrate.
Playing chess helps you stay in the water for longer.
China is having economic problems.
The United States and some other countries think that this will make the West stronger than China.
Officials from Washington, Rome, Tokyo, and other places talk to reporters.
But they do not want to give their names.
They say that the main story about how money moves around the world is changing very fast.
Before, it seems like China will become the world’s top economic power and that the United States will not be strong anymore.
But now things are not so sure.
In Washington and other places, people are thinking about how to deal with China.
Maybe, the country will not get weaker yet, but it will probably not get stronger either.
Do you have a feeling that this winter is very cold? Think about the people who live in one Russian town.
They say that they live in the coldest town on Earth.
The name of their town is Oymyakon.
The town is in Siberia.
The temperatures very often go down to minus 60.
The people say that these low temperatures last sometimes for ten days.
There is another special thing in their town.
The horse lives in these low temperatures.
The horse is small but very strong.
The horse can live through very cold winters.
Adam Driver is the main actor in the movie ‘Ferrari’.
He says that he cannot drive the famous Ferrari cars in the film.
The reason is insurance.
The movie is about the life of Enzo Ferrari in 1957.
Ferrari has problems with his company, his personal life, and racing against Maserati.
There are exciting scenes in the movie.
Another actor Patrick Dempsey drives cars which look the same as real Ferrari cars.
These cars also sound like real cars.
The movie is trying to win a special award at the Venice Film Festival.
Mohamed al-Fayed is an Egyptian billionaire.
He is 94 years old.
Al-Fayed buys a famous store called Harrods.
He sells drinks and sewing machines at the start of his career.
He makes money from buildings and ships in the Middle East and Europe.
He has famous things in Britain, but people do not like him there.
He had fights with the British government about becoming a citizen.
He sometimes talks about moving to France, where people like him more.
Al-Fayed tries to prove that Princess Diana and his son die in a car crash and that it is a murder.
He dies one day before the 26th anniversary of the accident.
Something crazy happens in Norfolk, the United States.
People see a big bull in the back of a car.
The driver’s name is Lee Meyer.
He makes some changes to his car.
The bull fits in the car thanks to the changes.
People, who see the car, call the police.
The police stop the car.
The bull is a big Watsui bull.
This bull has really big horns.
The police explain the driver that the situation is dangerous.
An accident may happen.
The bull’s name is Howdy Doody.
Reports do not say where the man and the bull are going.
The election takes place in Gabon.
President Ali Bongo wins.
He wins for the third time.
His family rules the country for 55 years.
After the results, there is a shooting in the streets.
Soldiers take over the country.
They stop President Bongo.
He is under house arrest.
It means that he stays at home, not in prison.
The soldiers are on TV.
They say that they are in control of the country now.
Many people do not like the election.
They celebrate in the streets.
Gabon has a history of problems during elections.
Soldiers say that the election is bad.
Hello students, you can read News in Levels on your mobile phone or your tablet.
Our mobile app is installed on 312,000 mobile devices.
The number is going up every day.
We would like to know if you like this app.
We would also like to know if you have ideas to improve it.
Your feedback is very important to us.
Please help us by rating the application.
You can rate it on the Google Play Store or the AppStore.
Thank you very much!.
X is a new name for Twitter.
X now allows political ads in the US from leaders and political parties.
These are candidates for election in 2024.
Elon Musk owns X since October.
Since 2019, there are no political ads on Twitter.
Things change in January.
Some ads are possible in the US now.
These ads are about topics like voting.
X allows the ads to get more money.
X will have a bigger team.
More people will check that the information on X is true.
People say that X and other social media do not stop wrong information in big elections.
Some people worry about X’s plans.
Twitter has problems with cutting jobs and keeping information safe.
France has a new law.
Students must not wear abaya in schools.
Abaya is a long robe.
Muslim women wear it.
Some people like the ban.
But others worry.
They are afraid of problems between groups of people.
France does not allow religious symbols since 2004.
France already bans headscarves.
Muslims are very unhappy about it.
It is the government’s plan.
The government prefers secularism.
Secularism is when religious institutions and the state are not connected.
Children, who wear religious clothes, get into trouble.
In Thailand, there is a Buddhist temple.
137 tigers live at the temple.
Many tourists visit the temple.
They want to see the tigers.
However, there are some problems.
People say that people treat the cats badly.
Officials must get more information about this.
If people are treating the tigers badly, officials will close the temple.
Japan starts putting radioactive water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant in the sea.
Scientists treat the water.
They say that the water is safe now.
But the radioactive isotope tritium is still in the water.
It is too difficult to take out.
People in South Korea protest.
They worry about a bad impact on fishing.
More than 50,000 people meet in South Korea’s capital.
They ask the government to do something.
But the government says that the water is not dangerous for fish.
In France, there was a terror attack.
It happened in November 2015.130 people died.
Now, French authorities make a video.
The video is about terror attacks.
The video shows you what to do when a terror attack happens.
It tells you to run away, if you can.
Also, it tells you to help other people.
The video shows you how.
You tell other people about the attack.
If you cannot run away, you hide.
Melting ice in Antarctica kills baby penguins.
Satellite pictures show no ice in December.
It is a big problem for penguins.
Penguins usually hatch eggs on ice which melts in summer.
It means that they have no place to breed.
When the ice melts, around 9,000 baby penguins die.
They have no place to have babies.
13 colonies of penguins die.
Climate change makes this problem worse.
Almost 30% of penguins have no home last year.
Last year is the worst in history.
"Job opportunities in Marketing and Communications are few and lesser paid everywhere.
Don't spend loads of money for this kind of studies.
STEM & Econ offer much better return on your investment.
"Marketing is a job related to people and emotions, with the terms "insight, customer, culture,.
" and you think a foreigner can understand all of that? Can they do better than the locals?"lilyloius01.
"Firstly, stop whining.
Secondly, take anything.
You cannot expect to start anywhere but the bottom.
Take a job, show up on time, put in effort above and beyond what is expected, have the right attitude, be coachable, do extra, and be prepared.
"I know several Vietnamese who studied abroad and after studying got excellent positions in the country of choice.
Never complain when you can't get your preferred job straight away, but experience life abroad.
Ask yourself why you like to stay at the country you are in and then make the choice, either stay or go back.
"Hans van Goor.
"Once you have lived and worked in another culture you can never adjust again to what you were before, it changes you forever.
But it will make it easier to adjust anywhere and everywhere.
The global citizen will never disappear from the planet.
is the most competitive country in the world, so Vietnamese have LESS chance of advancement there.
Same with the U.
and Western countries, where you are a "small fish".
In Vietnam, there is less competition so Vietnamese have MORE chance of advancement.
You are a "BIG FISH" in Vietnam, so return to Vietnam.
Considering the current level of compensation for public officials, this bribe is worth multiple times what the individual would make in her entire career.
The temptation is real, and it is somewhat understandable why all 24 members of the inspectorate led by her turned a blind eye to the corruption.
The inspectorate is the gatekeeper of wrongdoing to detect, prevent, and take early actions against the negative behaviors of both organizations and individuals.
How can we make this gatekeeping operational with transparency and integrity?.
This is an important question due to two reasons.
First, in the current political landscape with corruption still posing a major risk, the government needs a strong inspectorate function to fulfil its duties.
Great powers and responsibilities come together, making these officials very susceptible to the wicked corruption of money.
Second, besides turning a blind eye to wrongdoings, another risk related to inspectorate agencies is the risk of government officials molesting the inspected organizations.
For too long, corporates have been haunted by petty corruption from small-level public officials, ranging from facilitation money to outright demands of briberies.
In the 2022 Provincial Competitiveness Index, 14% of corporates paid "unofficial" money for inspectorate tours, while 7.4% of corporates receive more than three inspectorate visits a year.
Despite inspection being a vital activity, it often causes corporates more headaches.
Finding effective solutions to maintain the inspection and monitoring while decreasing the risks of petty corruption is not an easy issue.
The most visible solution is to have an accountability and inspectorial mechanism against the inspectorate departments themselves, the "inspectors of inspectors".
This might be a costly solution without really addressing the issue.
The new mechanism would disperse further the inspecting responsibilities and make the function less effective.
Additionally, it may create some "super inspectorate" departments, increasing the risks of power fragmentation and internal discontent.
The second solution is to create a better framework for the inspectorate activities to be conducted correctly.
In reality, with timely decisions by the government in the past few years, the percentage of corporate having to pay undue money to inspectors reduced sharply from 51.9% in 2017 to 14% last year.
Every system has loopholes, as systems are created by humans, and can be manipulated by humans.
Having a top-down inspection always carries certain limitations, with additional costs, financial, time, and human resources that make related officials less willing to contribute.
Therefore, the government needs to implement the third solution, the inspection by the general population.
Corruption carries damage to the whole society, so every citizen has a certain responsibility in scrutinizing corruption and bribery to the best of their ability.
Citizens are exposed daily to corruption and very sensitive to social inequality.
The government, in turn, needs to create suitable platforms for citizens to voice their concerns.
To achieve this, besides the current laws on access to information and laws on implementation of grassroots-level democracy, the government must be held accountable for their actions.
Eventually, the last gatekeepers of democracy are citizens.
*Nguyen Khac Giang is a researcher in policymaking and government transparency.
He is a PhD candidate at the Victoria University of Wellington, New Zealand.
However, this also raises a question: is this phenomenon wasting the country's human resources?.
Vietnamese youth increasingly attach importance to studying and improving their qualifications.
Many people, even at a very young age, have achieved bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degrees.
There are many reasons why highly qualified young people choose to work as a delivery person or motorbike taxi driver.
One of the main reasons is due to the flexibility and attractive income.
A third-year student at the University of Technology, one of the top in Vietnam, once told me: "I've been a delivery person for six months now.
Because my school schedule only takes half a day, I work the other half to earn extra income.
Sometimes I delivered goods during the day, then at night I worked as a tutor.
My family is not well-off, so I have to work to have money to take care of myself in Hanoi.
Thanks to this job, I also save a small amount of money every month to send to my parents.
But most delivery service providers do not sign labor contracts, putting their drivers at a disadvantage when it comes to accidents and abuse, harassment, or even robbery.
However, many places in the field offer a starting salary of only VND5 million for a new graduate, hardly enough for a life in Hanoi.
"I initially chose to be a deliveryman just hoping to have some temporary income while I was looking for a job.
But over time, I realized that this job could be the better choice.
I haven't applied for a job in about three months now.
Instead, I've been working full-time as a delivery person, earning VND10-15 million per month," the student told me.
These young people working as deliverymen and motorbike taxi drivers can lead to negative consequences for society.
First, it can waste the country's potential human resources, when highly qualified young people do not use knowledge and skills they learn from universities to serve national development.
There is a need for intervention from educational organizations to reorient career paths for young people.
At the same time, there needs to be supportive policies to help them make the most of their qualifications and skills, while providing them with appropriate career opportunities.
Only then can we prevent the waste of high-quality human resources and ensure the country's sustainable development.
I created content and manage social media pages for many customers.
These jobs earned me tens of millions of dong each month.
But from the end of last month, I could no longer maintain this income because AI has taken over my jobs.
Customers don't need me anymore because now AI can handle most of the work: content writing, photo creation, design, voice recording, and even making short videos.
My customers, shop owners, can spend less than VND1 million (US$41) per month to buy a GPT chat account, and then use it to write content and scripts.
They only have to spend a few hundred thousand dong more to buy voice reading software, then they can create a basic video.
Why would they hire me?.
The other day, a friend told me that she may have to direct her child toward manual jobs, or those that cannot be performed online or via a computer, to reduce the competition with AI.
She believes that jobs such as mechanics, and construction engineers will still require human presence, as it is difficult for AI to replace them.
After every scientific and technological revolution, advanced machines were created, liberating humans from certain labor, at the same time many people lost their jobs.
Steam engines, internal combustion engines, typewriters, and computers have solved a large amount of work, accelerating civilization, but many people were pushed out of the workplace.
I agree that machines have helped create other professions such as drivers, typists, and office workers.
But the revolution today is very different from previous ones.
The AI can be "taught" to recognize suspicious people and trigger a siren and lock the doors.
More importantly, these machines can operate 24/7 with a higher accuracy rate than humans.
Take my job for example.
I used to write cooking lessons, but it does not really require the human factor any longer.
People only need to know what ingredients are needed to cook this dish, and what steps to follow, and AI can tell them that.
And most of all, in the age of the information boom, viewers often only skim content and few people care about the creator's personal impressions.
So, human content creators will all face oblivion.
In the nine years I've been living here the changes have been phenomenal.
Now, as the world rapidly transitions to meet the challenge of climate change, we are standing at another development crossroads and Vietnam has choices to make.
The well-worn Vietnamese proverb says that ‘climbing high is scary but crawling low leads to death.
' Taking a risk can be dangerous, but what’s far more dangerous is not being bold or ambitious enough.
New investment is arriving, along with national climate targets, JETP financing and other outside capital seeking to drive renewable energy and decarbonization projects.
We’ve seen ambitious plans unveiled for large solar arrays and powerful hydro projects.
Each of these has the capacity to help Vietnam deliver on its Paris Agreement commitment to reach net zero by 2050, as well as helping Vietnam’s economy and businesses.
Vietnam is one of the ten richest centers of biodiversity globally, boasts expansive forest cover and has the highest marine biodiversity in the world.
We’ve seen this on display already as Vietnam has become the first ASEAN country to sign an MOU with Singapore to collaborate on carbon credit projects.
The total global market for carbon credits is tipped to reach US$50 billion by 2030 and Asia accounts for about a third of global NBS potential.
Key to Vietnam tapping this potential will be partnering with the right expertise to create projects of the highest integrity and transparency.
It is critical to access the expertise needed to get such projects right.
Rice production accounts for 15% of Vietnam’s total carbon emissions and is an industry offering huge potential for decarbonization.
There will, for example, be a need for the agriculture sector to expand the amount of food it produces as the population grows and export opportunities bring new wealth.
But with limited available land such increases will need to come from efficiency gains, new technology and approaches – otherwise growth will be short-lived and destructive.
For Vietnam’s government there is an important role also.
Buyers of carbon credits on the international market will not only be seeking high integrity credits, they will want them at scale.
Much is underway but plenty more is needed.
According to the nation’s Climate Change Department, Vietnam will need about $400 billion between now and 2040 to respond to climate change.
Current funding from the state budget can meet only $130 billion.
The need for private sector finance to fill this gap is significant.
These are the decisions that Vietnamese companies face now.
They are the kind of challenges that we need to address now.
Another Vietnamese proverb urges ‘when eating fruit remember the ones who planted the tree.
’ Now is the time to plant the seeds for a future Vietnam whose fruits can be enjoyed by generations still to come.
*Guy Williams is an Executive Director with global climate and nature investment and advisory firm Pollination.
He lives and works in Hanoi.
"Giant step backwards.
English is an international language.
Everyone should have a basic understanding.
University courses require it as part of their entrance.
"In a global economy, and in recognition of the poor language skills throughout the country this seems like a poor choice that may backfire.
"You either go forwards and join the international community, or like to go backwards and deny the kids an important language skill.
"It completely changed Singapore when the decision was made to make English learning mandatory in 1960.
What a pity to see this.
Without English, they could face too many problems while interpreting the essence of the matter.
"ducthanhduong40.
"Why wouldn't you have English in a globalized world? You are setting the students another obstacle to be international employees.
It's normal that many people have a negative view of pubs, I did too.
But I have realized that just like most things, whether they are good or bad depends on what humans make of them.
My house is near a hotpot restaurant, which also function as a pub because people have a lot of drinking parties there.
The day the restaurant opened, it played loud music.
I thought to myself that I was really unlucky, and I hoped that the restaurant would sell poorly and close down quickly so I could enjoy the peaceful atmosphere I had before.
But then I got to know the managers and they were reasonable people.
Except for that opening day, they have never played loud music again.
All noise comes from the chattering of diners, and it is within an acceptable threshold.
When thinking about pubs, everyone more or less thinks about negative issues.
But I think that pubs are also a link in the economic chain.
They help by boosting consumption and creating jobs.
Bar staff and street vendors rely on them to make a living.
The pub near my house has more than a dozen waiters, who are provided food and accommodation, and given a salary of VND5-7 million (US$206-288) a month.
There are also part-time employees who are students, serving and earning money by the hour.
For people without academic degrees, this is really a stable job for them.
That is not to mention jobs for chefs and security guards.
Besides, pubs are also places where street vendors stop by to sell lottery tickets and snacks.
This is truly a small but vibrant business ecosystem.
In the context that many Vietnamese cities lack libraries, entertainment centers, parks, public bookstores.
where do people, especially the lower classes, find entertainment?.
Furthermore, restaurants and pubs create spaces for meetings and conversations that cannot be held at company offices.
Regarding the negative impacts, I certainly agree that drunk driving is against the law and requires strict punishment.
But that doesn't mean all pubs need to shut down.
In London and Paris, there are many pubs and bars that may look more civilized than those in Vietnam, but they serve the same purposes.
They are businesses that serve people’s demands, from gatherings, to celebrations, or the opposite.
When a person needs some alcohol to forget their sadness, how can you advise them to "go to the library and read books"?.
The first happened to my friend's child.
The kid was beaten up in the school bathroom and was forced to eat another kid’s boogers.
The second happened at a school that is my wife’s former workplace when several female students physically attacked a fellow girl in their class.
Talking to the related parties, I tried to convince them that these issues could be resolved.
Nevertheless, I was quite concerned.
I do not know what I would do if the victims were my children.
I am not the only concerned parent.
There must be millions of parents sharing my thoughts who are confused, concerned, and attempting to find their own solutions.
There are so many parties involved, the bully, the bullied, the witnesses, parents, teachers, and school administrators.
Sometimes, parents get nasty and resort to illegal tactics, all of which can end badly for every related party.
Some are indifferent, don’t consider children’s issues serious, and are completely unaware of the potential repercussions.
From a scientific standpoint, Ms.
These figures are overwhelming.
The children, instead of going to school to enjoy their youthful years with friendship and knowledge, are scarred and haunted by what some adults dub "children’s stuff.
It is never too late to start resolving such issues.
Bullying at schools affects many people and society needs to build a code of conduct and resolution protocol that works for everyone.
Knowledge is important, students need to go to school for knowledge.
But the knowledge might be less important than the health and wellbeing of our children.
*Tran Hung Thien is a Vietnamese businessman living in Australia.
"There is not a lot of point suspending a driver's license, many drivers in Vietnam do not have a license and have never had one.
"Never mind suspending their licences! Demand the fines on the spot.
If no money go to ATM, or let them call a relative or friend to supply the money.
If this fails confiscate the bike or car and only return when the fine is paid and the suspension has ended.
"Mandatory night in jail.
Confiscate motorbike/car.
That is the only way to make a dent in this problem.
"Drinking in Vietnam is a very serious issue and have to be dealt with an iron fist.
"Too many Vietnamese drive drunk! But the penalty should be higher!"sgutieres.
"Make it a criminal charge that affects your record like in western countries and jail terms if causes death or serious injuries.
The government needs to step and curb this behaviour.
The statistics for people dying from motor vehicle incidents and DUI in Vietnam is ridiculous.
"Police should do this every day.
Just wait at the busy restaurant after 17:00.90% won't be able to pass the test.
The family lives behind my house.
They turned one entire floor into the dog farm, which can often hold up to 30 dogs.
The dogs howl regardless of day or night, especially when it's hot or when they are hungry, creating a chaos that is unbearable.
There were days when the dogs barked for several hours from midnight, making it impossible for people in the neighborhood to sleep.
I once had to seek psychological treatment after suffering several years of constant insomnia that led to depression.
In addition to the noise, the whole neighborhood also suffers from the stink of dog feces and urine, even when we stay inside our houses with the doors closed.
People in the neighborhood complained to the family several times, but they scolded back at us with harsh words and forcing us to file a complaint to the authorities.
The authorities did send officers to check the situation after that, but nothing changed, so the dog farm is still there.
I think we need clear rules and strong enough sanctions for facilities like this to follow.
It was not the first time I got this call for help.
I received similar cases from friends, acquaintances, or even strangers on the internet.
In online forums, I have seen many similar instances, and they are worsening in terms of both numbers and seriousness.
The common factor in most cases is that the children were uncooperative, unmotivated and had negative thoughts, and the parents could not find a meaningful conversational approach.
The parents then attempted various strategies, advising, intimidating, crying, and seeking for help, all in vain.
But before these crisis erupted most of these children had cheerful lives, with normal physical and mental well-being.
They then became depressed for reasons unknown.
Once we sat down with the children, we saw that under the one-dimensional behavior was an emotional roller-coaster inside each.
Some slight cases were merely disoriented, others were clinically depressed and needed treatment, and some sought closure through suicide, failed and tried again.
According to a report by the Ministry of Health, 15% of the population has mental health issues.
UNICEF says 29% of children and teenagers need mental-health assistance, and in Vietnam, this is equivalent to three million children.
This is an unbelievable figure that is slowly but surely destroying many families.
Its impacts are indisputable.
How can we mitigate the damage that this mental health crisis brings to ourselves, our families and communities?.
Though not a psychiatrist, as an educator, this is a question that has engaged me for several years.
After many years of working with children and families I realize that before experts can come to the rescue, each family needs to take a first step in protecting itself from these issues.
Families need to be the emotional shelter for every member, especially children.
We were all born into a family which we did not choose.
We later get married, some without understanding all the hardships of family life and marriage.
It is the same for all of us.
Consequently, most of us do not learn how to properly manage and take care of a family.
While the first way disorients the family, the second suffocates the people in it and the third dehumanizes us.
The third way carries the most risk since families are not logical and transactional like a professional organization, and are where we nurture our emotions.
Families should be where we feel listened to, not where we receive criticism.
If we are open to sharing our emotions and listening to others without judgment, families can be a happy place to return to after a day in our chaotic society.
If your children still live with you, create a safe place for them to share their emotions.
If the children live away from you, create a place where they can return and simply relax.
As people, we do not need moral lectures every day.
Sometimes we do not need a solution; we just need to be listened to.
After many years as an educator, I feel that teaching lessons to children, needed as it may be, should not be the only conversation you have with your children.
Parents should refrain from cramming children with life lessons, should not attempt to sneak in some hidden messages and should not be long-winded with their lessons.
Children learn from parents, teachers, friends, and society.
They learn lessons in their own way.
Parents, besides being an educator, should also strive to be a friend to their children.
Families should be where we can safely return to.
*Giap Van Duong is an educator and former researcher at the Temasek Laboratories, National University of Singapore.
First of all, I sympathize with and understand that the dream of people who come to live, study and work in Saigon, Hanoi and any other big city anywhere in the world is to buy a house.
But we must admit the harsh truth: It has never been and will never be easy.
Even people who are considered Saigon natives who do not have to spend years of paying rent as migrant workers are trying to buy a house.
My colleague lives with his parents in an alley in the city center but wants to buy his own house.
The family's current house is too small for several generations to live together, and everyone finds it cramped and inconvenient.
His family has lived in Saigon for generations.
The city has thousands of people like that.
So even if buying a house in Saigon becomes a bit easier, emigrants may not get their turn.
There are some young couples who buy a house after just a few years of marriage.
They are either super talented or relied on help from their wealthy families.
Why is it too difficult to buy a house in Saigon or Hanoi? Because these are the places that young people leaving high school always eye.
They are the places with many jobs, amusement options and top healthcare facilities.
Imagine how many new people come to these cities every year.
If you say you have tried but still have not been able to buy a house in these places, again I deeply sympathize.
But we also have to acknowledge the truth (which often hurts): you try hard, but thousands of others are trying many times harder than you.
And a house is a worthy reward for them.
So for a normal person with a normal family, getting a job with an income that is to support themselves is already something to strive for.
Then other things, like a house or a car, can be obtained if you know how.
But you may have to accept that the house will be in the suburbs and not the center, and it is an average car to shelter you from rain and shine when on the road and not a Lexus.
Every business has a life span and a human story.
When we reach the end, we see things never noticed at the start.
This story is about entrepreneurship in Vietnam.
Not large-scale, multi-national business, but the everyday shops and services around us, especially those controlled and operated by a single individual.
A 2021 study commissioned by the European Union notes that, in the last 30 years, this sector "has grown exponentially.
" True, it is difficult to define the term "small and medium enterprise" exactly, but this study cited the General Statistics Office to say that there were 758,610 active SMEs in Vietnam.
For comparison's sake, one can find a post-Covid figure from the Ministry of Planning and Investment listing the total number of business enterprises in Vietnam is roughly 900,000.
Thus, while the numbers change according to definitions, it is clear that small-scale businesses are extremely important for Vietnam’s economy and society.
Yet, how well do we know what happens to them and what it means for them to come and go?.
Here is a story about a single entrepreneur, a young woman who came from Vinh to Da Nang and followed her dream by opening a restaurant in the My An beach district.
I first became acquainted with Lien (name has been changed) in the last months of 2022.
I was struck by the way that she operated a multi-faceted business by herself.
To be sure, she had some assistance from her mother and younger brother.
And she told me about the generous help she received from an older brother, an architect who converted the house into a place for business and even made the tables.
But she was the one who came every day to do the cooking, serving and cleaning.
She was the one who taught herself English and learned to prepare food that Western people like.
And she was the one that - right before the pandemic - signed the loan.
Let’s say a few things about the economics of small businesses, noting these points are about psychology as much as commerce.
Small businesses are almost always more vulnerable to changes in the immediate environment, and they must take into account that these changes are impossible to predict consistently.
That’s one of the reasons why there is no effective way to stop everyday businesses from rising and falling.
Their growth and contraction is a reflection of the activity around them.
This may sound obvious, but the matter is linked to two additional academic issues that deserve more attention.
Indeed, the technical term used by economists to describe such cycles statistically "stochastic" comes from an ancient Greek word meaning "to guess.
" We make a big deal of successful entrepreneurship, but it keeps perspective if we realize practically all business operators make do by guessing where things are heading.
This leads to another difficulty.
I could see for myself that insufficient customers came to Lien’s restaurant.
Should she have guessed differently? The answer to that depends on your definition of what it means to know better.
She made her wager on becoming a business owner right before Covid, signing the loan papers in 2020.
Several months later, the restaurant, in lockdown, sat empty - while, nevertheless, rent had to be paid.
In a sense, Lien’s November 2023 announcement that the place was up for sale is one of the late causalities of the pandemic.
But I don’t think we should oppose her decision.
This is the second point.
Rather, decisions are made in an atmosphere of incomplete information.
How could Lien fully know what to expect? In hindsight what we were supposed to do is clear.
Beforehand, not so much.
Hence, instead of confining our questions to what a business owner should do, it helps to reconstruct what it is like to make decisions under conditions of incomplete information.
If such questions seem too subjective, consider that on the individual level entrepreneurial decisions are fully mixed with subjectivity.
Of course, this does not mean we should make no effort to be objective.
It is possible to view the rise and fall of small and medium businesses academically, and make recommendations for change.
I will close with trying out a few of my own.
First, data on this topic is valuable, and I support collecting and publicizing it in detailed form.
That means, tracking businesses across regions, industries, age of proprietor, gender of proprietor, and even more categories.
Perhaps such data is already collected in Vietnam, but it does not seem to be readily available.
While large generalizations are partially helpful, more specific and granular data means we understand what’s happening to businesses in Vietnam even better.
Second, even though classes in entrepreneurship have the potential to be very useful, I disagree that there are educational solutions to the problems discussed.
There are too many variables involved to prepare people by sitting in a classroom.
However, there are a few areas of exception.
I think entrepreneurs like Lien will benefit from informational seminars on borrowing, taxes and the basics of rent and real estate.
Perhaps banks and municipal governments could cooperate with local universities to arrange this.
However, I’m not sure the situation is not radically different elsewhere.
A wide range of people, discussing the situation from many angles, will provide more opportunities for productive exchange between entrepreneurs and the wider community.
Finally, there is a last, important point.
Businesses must rise and fall.
There is no viable way to stop this process.
it is said that only 20% of restaurants survive until their fifth year, and that’s without a pandemic.
But while businesses disappear, the people who took a chance on them remain and many of them show the endurance to try again.
Indeed, most entrepreneurs wind up better because of the burdens they took on and the courage they showed in facing them.
Lien does not know where she’s heading to next, but people like her are a kind of precious national resource.
They’ve gained essential skills from their efforts and deserve our respect.
*David Pickus received his Ph.
in history from the University of Chicago.
He taught at Arizona State University, RenMin University in Beijing and other institutions in the U.
, China and Europe.
He has published books and academic essays on topics related to history, education and globalization.
He is currently an Associate Professor of History at a university in Da Nang, Vietnam.
I had a coffee date with my friend and his wife recently.
As we talked, she turned on a camera app on her cell phone to check on her mother in her hometown.
Her father died recently and her mother has been living alone, so she decided to set up cameras all over her mother’s house to check on the woman any time.
She excitedly told me that she could talk to her mother via the camera app as well.
I was not so excited.
I completely disagree with the way people install cameras at every corner of their houses.
My house has one camera with a view of my front yard only, to detect incoming strangers.
I really don’t understand why many families are so addicted to cameras they have to install them in their dining rooms and even bedrooms.
Their reasons were to check on their children when needed, and to check on their safes.
I feel scared for them, because I have seen hackers offering to sell sensitive videos online, which they collected from home cameras.
They had all the videos of you and your husband having sex in your bedroom.
A friend of mine who works in technology also agrees that home cameras are hackers’ target.
When the cameras are hacked, all the personal information including a family’s routine is leaked.
Indonesia is the 5th biggest producer of tobacco.
Children younger than 15 must not work in Indonesia.
However, around 1.5 million children work in agriculture.
Thousands work on tobacco plantations.
Many have green tobacco sickness.
They get headaches.
They cannot go to school.
They help their families make money.
They make only one dollar a day.
Human rights groups are trying to change this.
They talk to big Indonesian tobacco companies.
Two NASA astronauts go for a spacewalk.
A spacewalk is work outside the spaceship.
They spend more than 7 hours in open space.
The astronauts travel to the International Space Station in November 2022.
Their job is to fix the station’s solar panels.
The astronauts put in new panels.
These panels will grow the station’s power by a lot.
Astronauts will put in six new sets of solar panels.
The panels will make 215 kilowatts of power.
The International Space Station needs more power for its operations and research.
There is a new law in Hong Kong in April.
This law does not pass.
Politicians only talk about it.
However, the law makes a lot of people angry.
They start to protest.
In June, a million people protest.
Carrie Lam is the leader of Hong Kong.
The protests make her suspend the law.
However, people are still protesting.
They want the law to be withdrawn.
Recently, Lam withdraws the law.
There is fire on the roof of a store named Walmart.
There are solar panels on the roof People in Walmart think that the solar panels are the problem.
Now Walmart wants to take the solar panels down.
The problem with the fire happens in 2012.
Between March and May 2018, there are big fires at three Walmart stores.
Walmart says that inspectors who control the panels do not have basic solar training.
It is possible that they do not do their job well.
Walmart puts money in solar energy for many years.
They work with one company.
This company is now part of Tesla.
Tesla buys this company in 2016.
Hurricane Dorian comes to the Bahamas.
The wind is very fast.
It is185 miles per hour.
The National Hurricane Center says that the sea can go up 6 to 7 metres high.
It is dangerous.
The National Hurricane Center thinks that the hurricane can destroy houses.
The wind can take the roofs.
The walls can collapse.
Trees can fall on the roads.
They can block some towns and villages.
People can be without electricity for weeks or maybe months.
The hurricane is moving very slowly.
This is a bad thing.
When a hurricane moves slowly, it gets bigger and bigger.
In 1971, many people from Bangladesh go to India.
Some of them come to Assam.
This is an Indian state.
The Bangladeshis are mostly Muslim.
Around 31 million people live in Assam.
India is registering all people in Assam.
However, not everyone can be registered.
If you come to India in 1971 or later, you cannot be registered.
Two million people are not on the list.
Some people are afraid that the registering is to identify the people from Bangladesh.
They are afraid that people will send them away from India, put them in prison, or persecute them.
), persecute (harass, do something bad).
Jack Dorsey is the boss of Twitter.
He also uses Twitter.
He has around 4 million followers.
Someone hacks his account.
Twelve tweets come from his account within 20 minutes.
Some tweets are racist.
One tweet says that there is a bomb at Twitter’s office building in San Francisco.
Another tweet tells people to follow an account or else a bomb explodes at Twitter’s offices.
The shocking tweets go down in less than an hour.
Later Twitter says that the account and all of Twitter are safe again.
Facebook is testing a new tool.
It can help save lives.
It is a type of message on Facebook.
Local governments can use it to warn people.
It can warn them about hurricanes, fires, or tell them if somebody is lost.
Some users are testing it.
Facebook asks 2,000 people some questions.
Facebook wants to know if it is a good tool.
Seventy-three percent of these people get to know something new.
Forty-three people do something, thanks to the warning message.
This tool is good.
However, the batteries in phones and computers are not very good.
When there is no electricity, you cannot use devices.
It is also good to have a weather radio.
Its batteries stay full longer.
Some models also have solar panels.
Some models have a piece that you can turn to create electricity.
People have a funny idea in the 1950s.
They start thinking about if nuclear weapons can stop bad storms or hurricanes.
People still have this idea now! A government organization says that many people ask about this.
The organization says that only some storms become hurricanes.
Most storms stay storms.
Also, nuclear weapons make radioactive fallout when they explode.
This is very bad for the environment and people.
Recently, a news organization says that President Trump asks about this idea.
He wants to know if the government can use nuclear weapons on a hurricane.
However, he says that this not true.
People sometimes run a red light.
This is when they drive their car during the red light.
This is dangerous.
In 2017, 939 people in the USA die because of this.
That is 28% more than in 2012.
In 35% of cases, the driver who runs the light dies.
In more than 50% of cases, people in another car die.
In 5% of cases, pedestrians and cyclists die.
An American organization says that people must be more careful.
People can check if no one is running a red light.
Pedestrians and cyclists can make eye contact with the drivers of the cars.
Every country has a government.
In Italy, the League party and the Five Star Movement are in a coalition.
They are the government.
Giuseppe Conte is the leader of the Five Star Movement.
He is also the prime minister.
Matteo Salvini is the leader of the League.
However, the League party quits the coalition.
There is no government now.
Many people say that the League wants a new government where Salvini is the prime minister.
He does not become the new prime minister.
The Five Star Movement makes a new coalition with the Democratic Party.
Giuseppe Conte stays prime minister.
Opioids are a type of drug.
Doctors give them to people in pain.
In the USA, there is an opioid problem.
Many people use opioids too much.
Between 1999 and 2017, 200,000 people die because they take too many opioids.
Many people think that pharmaceutical companies make the problem happen.
Purdue is one of the companies.
It makes the opioid OxyContin.
The Sacler family has the company.
More than 2,000 people officially say that they think that Purdue contributes to the problem.
Purdue is thinking about what to do.
It thinks about giving away $10 billion to $12 billion to help this problem.
Goosebumps are small bumps on our skin.
They make our hair stand up.
We get goosebumps when we are scared or angry.
We get them when we watch a scary movie or listen to our favorite music.
We get goosebumps when we are cold.
Animals get goosebumps, too.
They keep them safe.
The animals look bigger.
This situation saves them from predators.
Raised hair or fur also keeps animals warm.
Adrenaline causes goosebumps.
Adrenaline is a chemical in the body.
It makes the heart beat faster.
The body usually makes it when in danger.
People have more adrenaline when they experience a strong emotion.
President Trump talks about Greenland.
He wants to buy this place.
Greenland is a Danish island.
Officials from Greenland and Denmark criticize his idea.
The Danish Prime Minister Mette Frederiksen tweets about this.
She says that she does not want to discuss it.
She even calls the idea absurd.
Before the tweets, Trump has plans to go to Denmark.
The Queen of Denmark invited him.
After the tweets, Trump changes his plans.
He is not going to Denmark in September.
There are hundreds of fires in the Amazon rainforest.
The rainforest covers over 2.5 million square miles.
People use satellites to find the fires.
It is normal for there to be some fires in the Amazon.
However, there are 83% more fires than last year.
One expert on wildfires called it a catastrophe of global proportions.
Most of the rainforest is in Brazil.
Brazil is trying to control the fires.
However, the country’s president, Jair Bolsonaro, says that he does not have enough resources.
He is thinking about sending soldiers to help fight the fires.
Kashmir is a region in the Himalayan mountains.
Both India and Pakistan say that it is their territory.
They argue about the region.
They even have three wars over Kashmir.
India has special laws for Kashmir.
The laws make Kashmir autonomous.
Kashmir is like this for 70 years.
On Monday 5th, this ends.
India wants to control the region.
Thousands of soldiers go to Kashmir.
Tourists evacuate.
The Internet stops there.
Pakistan is not happy about this.
The country says that it is going to push against India.
Kabul is the capital of Afghanistan.
On Saturday the 18th, there is a wedding.
There are more than 1,000 people at this wedding.
A man comes to the wedding with a big gun.
He starts shooting.
He also wears an explosive vest.
His vest explodes.
Sixty-three people die.
Many of them are children.
More than 180 people are injured.
ISIS says that it carried out the attack.
It did this because the people are Shiite Islam followers.
Tumblr is a blog site.
People can share content there.
They can share explicit content.
Tumblr becomes very popular.
Yahoo buys it in 2013.
It buys it for $1.
In 2017, Verizon buys Yahoo (and Tumblr with it).
Verizon changes Tumblr.
It bans all explicit content.
Verizon also puts ads on Tumblr.
People do not like these changes.
Now Tumblr is a small business.
Automattic buys it for $3 million.
Automattic says that explicit content is going to stay banned.
Automattic also owns WordPress.
A mass shooting is when a person shoots many people.
Mass shootings happen recently in the USA.
Some countries are worried.
They want to protect their citizens.
The countries send out warnings.
The warnings warn people who are traveling to the USA.
Canada, New Zealand, Ireland, Germany, Italy and Britain warn of shootings or terrorist attacks.
Japan says that there can be a shooting anywhere in the USA.
Japan says that the USA is a gun society.
 Venezuela and Uruguay also warn of racism.
Amnesty International says that places with many people can be dangerous.
These are places like churches or malls.
The German government wants people to use less plastic.
From 2016, people use fewer plastic bags.
Now, the government is working on new laws.
These laws are going to ban plastic bags.
The EU wants to do this in 2021.
The New York state in the USA wants to do this next year.
Zhejiang province is in China.
Often, this province is hit with typhoons.
A typhoon comes.
It is the strongest typhoon in the history of this province.
Its name is Lekima.
Winds blow up to 116miles per hour.
There are floods.
Almost 5 million people are in danger.
More than 1 million people must leave their homes.
Forty-four or more people die.
Many of them die in a landslide.
Sixteen people are missing.
This news is from the USA.
The Department of Transportation is a government agency there.
It makes rules for transportation.
This agency sends out new instructions.
The instructions are about animals on planes.
Airlines cannot ban a type of cat or dog from their airplanes.
However, if there is a dangerous animal, the airlines do not have to take it on board.
If you cannot see and you need a dog, you can fly with your dog with no problem.
You do not have to tell the airline before you fly.
However, if you do not have a serious medical problem and you want to bring an animal, you must tell the airline about it before you fly.
An oil tanker is on the road in Tanzania.
It loses control.
Around 150 people go to the tanker.
Some of the people try to take some of the fuel.
After 20 minutes, the tanker catches fire.
It kills more than 61 people.
Seventy people are injured.
The accident happens in Morogoro.
It is a town in eastern country.
Toni Morrison is an American writer.
She publishes her first book when she is 40.
That is in 1970.
The book is called The Bluest Eye.
Toni Morrison becomes very popular.
She writes 11 novels, children’s books and essays.
She writes about black American culture and experiences.
Her most popular book is probably Beloved.
In 1988, she wins the Pulitzer Prize for this book.
In 1993, Morrison gets the Nobel Prize in Literature.
She is the first black woman to win a Nobel Prize.
In 2019, Toni Morrison is 88.
She gets ill and she dies.
Her family says that she dies peacefully.
She has a son and three grandchildren.
North Korea has nuclear weapons.
The USA wants North Korea to get rid of them.
The two countries are talking about this.
South Korea and the USA are allies.
Every year, their armies train together.
However, North Korea and South Korea are enemies.
The USA wants to show North Korea that things are getting better.
The USA says that its army is not going to train with the South Korean army.
Later, the USA says that the two armies are going to train together.
However, the trainings are going to be small.
In the end, the USA and South Korea are going to train together.
North Korea is not happy about this.
It is really hot in Europe.
The extremely hot weather moves from Europe to Greenland.
Greenland is an island.
It is covered in ice.
It is so hot that 57% of the ice starts to melt.
Around 11 billion tons of ice go into the ocean in just one day.
That is around 4 million Olympic swimming pools.
Some Muslim women wear clothing which covers their bodies.
There are different types of these clothing.
One type is the burqa.
It covers the whole body.
Another type covers only the face.
The burqa and other clothing like it are banned in some countries.
Women must not wear them in public buildings or on public transportation.
In Western Europe, these countries are Denmark, France, Belgium, and Austria.
In Eastern Europe, it is Bulgaria.
The Netherlands is the newest country to ban these clothing.
When somebody sees someone in a burqa, he or she can call the police.
The person in the burqa then must pay money to the police.
However, some people say that they will not call the police when they see somebody in a burqa.
Saudi Arabia is a Muslim country.
It is in the Middle East.
Saudi women are not as free as women in the West.
Each woman must have a guardian.
The guardians tell women what they can or cannot do.
For example, a woman must ask her guardian if she can get a job.
Some people want to change this system.
Some people want to keep it.
Now, there are some laws which will help women be a little freer.
Soon women will be able to leave Saudi Arabia.
They will not have to ask their guardians.
However, the women must be 21 or older.
Things are not good for many people in Bangladesh.
First there is very heavy rain.
Sixty-one people die.
Over 800,000 people must leave their homes.
Water is everywhere.
This is good for mosquitoes.
There are so many of them.
This is bad because mosquitoes transmit diseases.
One of the diseases is the dengue fever.
Many people catch this fever.
More than 1,000 people catch it in just 24 hours.
It hits Bangladesh’s capital very hard.
Hospitals do not have enough room for everybody.
A NASA satellite finds three new planets.
They are 73 light-years away.
They are interesting.
They are intermediate in size.
They are the first planets to be this big.
This is a new size for scientists.
Before these planets, people only knew of very small or very big planets.
For example, the small planets are Mercury, Venus, Earth or Mars.
The very big planets are Jupiter or Saturn.
Some cities have councillors.
They are the bosses of the city.
Right now, all Moscow councillors are pro-Kremlin.
However, there is going to be an election in September.
To become a councillor, people must vote for you.
They can vote for you if you are on the ballots.
To get on the ballots, you need the signatures of enough people.
People want to become councillors.
They give the authorities the signatures.
The authorities look at the signatures.
They say if they are real.
They say that some signatures are not real.
Other people say that the signatures are real.
However, the authorities do not want some people to become councillors.
That is because they are not pro-Kremlin.
The situation leads to protests.
Around 22,000 people come to one of the protests.
The authorities say that the protests are not legal.
The police arrest more than 1,000 people.
Theresa May was the British prime minister.
She stops being prime minister.
Boris Johnson becomes the new prime minister.
He gives a speech as prime minister.
He says that Britain is going to leave the EU on October 31st.
He says that there is going to be a new Brexit deal.
Britain is going to build a new partnership with Europe.
He also says that he is going to make hospitals and schools better.
Athens is the capital of Greece.
On Friday 19th, an earthquake hits it.
It is a strong earthquake.
Its strength is 5.
However, no one dies.
No one is seriously injured.
Only some buildings are damaged.
They are old buildings.
Nobody lives in them.
Sometimes there are earthquakes in Greece.
They hardly ever happen in Athens.
In 1999, there was a strong earthquake in Athens.
One hundred and forty-three people died.
This news is about Beji Caid Essebsi.
In 2011, he becomes Tunisia’s leader.
This is after the Arab Spring.
He is the leader only for some time.
In 2014, people elect him president.
He is Tunisia’s first democratically elected president.
Last month, he gets ill.
He goes to hospital.
Last Thursday, his office says that he dies.
He dies at the of 92.
Israel and Palestine are two countries in the Middle East.
They are not friends.
Both countries want land.
The countries cannot agree which land is Israel’s and which land is Palestine’s.
Recently, Israel starts to destroy part of a Palestinian village.
However, official documents say that this village is part of Palestine.
Israeli leaders say that the buildings are too close to a security border.
They say that no one lives in them.
They say that terrorists can use the buildings.
Palestinians say that Israel wants the land.
They say that the demolition is a crime.
They ask for help from other countries.
Kyoto Animation is an anime studio.
For example, people know it for its series like ‘Full Metal Panic!’ and ‘K-On!’.
The studio has a building in Kyoto, Japan.
There are about 70 people in the building.
A man comes to this building.
He sets it on fire.
People say that he screams ‘die’ when he sets the fire.
In the end, police arrest him.
The building gets on fire.
Thirty-three or more people die.
Many more people are injured.
The wet monsoon is a wind in South East Asia.
It brings rain.
It brings so much rain that it floods some areas.
Over two million acres of farmland are flooded.
Farm animals die.
Homes and roads are broken.
In total, 140 or more people die in India, Nepal, Pakistan and Bangladesh.
Monsoon flooding affects around 6.7 million people in India.
India says that it is good to disinfect homes after the flooding.
Turkey is talking with the USA.
Turkey wants to buy an air defence system.
The talking goes too long.
In the end, there is no deal.
However, Turkey still wants to buy an air defence system.
It can buy one from Russia.
The USA says that it will not be happy if Turkey buys the system from Russia.
The USA says that it will put sanctions on Turkey if it buys the Russian system.
Turkey buys the air defence system from Russia.
It buys it in April.
Russia moves the system to Turkey this month.
This news is about an Egyptian statue.
It is 28 centimetres in size.
It is 3,000 years old.
It looks a little like the pharaoh Tutankhamun.
People are going to sell the statue.
The Egyptian embassy protests.
The embassy says that someone stole it.
The auction house says that this is not true.
The statue sells for $6 million.
There is a terrorist attack on a hotel.
The hotel is in Somalia.
First, a car drives into the hotel.
The car is full of explosives.
The car explodes.
Then men with guns come into the hotel.
They start shooting.
Twenty-six people die.
Fifty-six people are injured.
Two of the dead are American.
One of the dead is a Somali-Canadian journalist.
All of this happens on Friday 12th.
The extremist group al-Shabab claims responsibility for the attacks.
This news is from Xinjiang.
Xinjiang is a western region in China.
Muslim minorities live there.
China is detaining these Muslims.
China is putting them in camps.
China says that these camps teach the Muslims.
However, some people see the camps.
They say that the camps are like prisons or concentration camps.
There are around 1 million people in those camps.
China says that it is detaining the people to fight extremism and terrorism.
Twenty-two countries are worried about this situation.
They send a letter to the United Nations.
They want China to stop detaining the people.
They want China to set the people free.
They also want a leader from the UN to visit China.
China says that the leader can come.
Omar al-Bashir is the president of Sudan.
He is overthrown.
After this, the country is not stable.
The military takes power.
People protest.
They want democracy.
One demonstration ends badly.
One hundred people die.
This makes people angry.
They protest in the streets.
In the end, they make an agreement with the military.
The people and the military will be in power for three years.
After three years, people can choose their leaders.
Last Thursday, somebody tries a revolution.
The military stops him.
They arrest 16 people.
They are looking for more.
Deutsche Bank is an international bank.
It has employees all around the world.
The bank wants to organise itself differently.
It wants to lay off 1/5 of its employees.
Deutsche Bank wants to do this in three years.
That is around 18,000 jobs.
By 2022, the bank plans to have 74,000 employees.
The bank is doing this to make more money.
People in Greece vote.
They choose who goes to the parliament.
Forty per cent of votes want a conservative party.
The party gets 158 seats out of 300 in the parliament.
The leader of the party becomes the Greek prime minister.
His name is Kyriakos Mitsotakis.
He says what he wants to do before he becomes prime minister.
He wants to make Greece strong again.
He wants to make Greece better for business.
This news is about the Amazon Rainforest.
Scientists say that it is very important for the planet.
Sixty per cent of the forest is in Brazil.
However, people are cutting down the trees there.
They cut more trees each month.
People look at May and June 2018 vs.
May and June 2019.
People cut down thirty-four per cent more trees in May 2019 than in May 2018.
People cut down eighty per cent more trees in June 2019 than in June 2018.
One scientist says that the Brazilian president is making things worse.
He wants to build things in the Amazon.
He wants to mine in protected reserves.
He wants to do this even if the indigenous people do not want it.
Some Muslim women wear niqabs.
It is a piece of material.
It covers the face.
Only the eyes are not covered.
In Tunisia, there are two bombing attacks.
They happen in the country’s capital.
Two people die in the attacks.
The police catch the organiser of the attacks.
The police say that he is not wearing a niqab.
However, people start saying that he is.
The prime minister reacts to this.
He bans niqabs in official buildings.
He says that this is because of security.
Tunisia is not the first country to do this.
Critics hope that the ban is not forever.
The European Parliament is choosing its new president.
There are three candidates.
One of them is David Sassoli.
He is a former journalist.
Sassoli wins 345 out of 667 votes.
He becomes the new president.
He will be president for 2.
He talks after he becomes president.
He says that extreme nationalism is dangerous.
He says that people are free.
He says that is the most important thing.
In 1986, whaling is banned.
People ban whaling because some types of whales are almost killed off.
Last year, Japan says people there are going to hunt whales again.
Last Monday, they begin hunting.
Five small ships go whaling.
They are hunting three types of whales.
Two of these are in danger.
There are not many of them.
Japan says that whaling is its tradition.
Japan whales from the 12th century.
Also, Japan says that it hunts only 227 whales a year.
HIV is a virus.
In 2016, around 1.1 million people in the USA have it.
The HIV turns into AIDS if they do nothing.
They can get pills if they go to a doctor.
The pills can stop the HIV.
You do not get AIDS if you take the pills.
However, you must keep taking the pills.
You cannot get completely OK.
Scientists are working on a cure.
They make a big step forward.
They use a new method.
They try it on mice.
They cure nine out of 21 mice.
Cori ‘CoCo’ Gauff is a young tennis player.
She is very talented.
She wins the U.
Open Junior Final.
She wins the French Open Junior title.
This year, she plays at Wimbledon.
This is her first time there.
She plays against Venus Williams.
Gauff beats Williams 6-4, 6-4.
The tennis world is stunned.
Gauff talks to Williams after the match.
She thanks Williams because she was her idol.
Williams congratulates her and tells her to ‘keep going’.
Greek olive growers have a hard time.
The weather is bad this year.
This year’s harvest may be 50% less than last year’s.
Prices of olives and olive oil are going up.
Thieves are stealing more because of this.
Panagiotis Tsafaras grows olives.
He checks his groves twice every day.
He wants to stop thieves.
In one incident, thieves steal over a ton of olives.
This problem is new to the area.
Growers start using cameras and GPS to watch their olives.
Thieves come at night.
They are very quiet.
Greek police say that such incidents are all over the country.
Greece is the third-biggest olive oil maker in the year.
A homosexual is a man who likes men.
A homosexual is also, a woman who likes women.
A transgender is a man who feels he is a woman.
A transgender is also a woman who feels she is a man.
Homosexuality is against the law in 69 countries.
Many of these countries are very religious.
Families do not spend time with homosexual or transgender people.
They say that these people are not religious enough.
Homosexual people often go to prison for many years.
Their government publicly stones or hangs them.
14 years ago, Shinta Ratri starts a school for transgender women in Indonesia.
She saves these women.
More than 60 women study at the school.
The women have a hard time to know who they are.
They are religious people.
They also have their sexual identity.
In the USA, health companies usually wait to tell patients how much things can cost.
President Donald Trump signs an executive order.
The order says that health companies must tell patients how much their health care costs.
They must tell patients early.
The information must be easy to understand and be clear.
Trump hopes that this can lower health care costs.
Patients can go to different places to get the best prices.
However, it is not clear how the government can make this happen.
Health companies are already trying to change the president’s order.
Putin and Trump meet at the G-20 summit in Japan.
A reporter asks Trump a question.
The reporter wants to know if Trump is going to tell Putin not in the 2020 election.
Trump says, ‘Yes, of course I will’.
He turns to Putin and says, ‘Don’t meddle in the election, please’.
Trump says it as a joke.
Temperatures can get extremely high in summer.
This weather can be dangerous.
In 2003, thousands of people die in France because of a heatwave.
Now it is really hot in Europe again.
Records are broken in France, Germany, Poland and the Czech Republic.
Authorities say that people should be careful.
Italy says that 16 cities are extremely hot.
There is a big fire in Spain.
People think the fire starts because it is so hot.
Two American senators talk about Internet companies.
They say that the companies get data about people.
They can use this data.
They can sell the data to other companies.
People do not know what data the companies have.
They do not know if the companies sell the data about them.
They do not know how much somebody pays for data.
The senators talk about a new law.
This law is for big companies like Facebook and Google.
If the law passes, these companies must tell people about the data.
They must tell them what they know.
They must tell them if they sell it to another company.
People in the Czech Republic protest.
The protests are the biggest since 1989.
People are protesting the country’s prime minister.
They want him to step down.
The prime minister’s name is Andrej Babiš.
People say that he is using his position to get richer.
The EU is also investigating him.
The EU writes a report.
It says that Babiš gets extra money from the EU.
This is not OK because the money is only for small businesses.
Babiš lies to get this money.
He says that he does not have a farm.
He is a billionaire, so this money is not for him.
The report says that he must give back $20 million.
The UN writes a report about the number of people in the world.
The UN believes that the population will grow.
7 billion people in the world right now.
There will be 10.9 billion people the world in 2100.
The Pew Research Centre looks at this report.
It writes its own report.
Both reports say that countries in Africa and Asia will grow the most.
However, Pew says that the population growth will stop.
This is because women will have fewer babies.
The UN says that the global population can do three things: it can grow, it can get smaller, or it can stop changing.
A new report comes out.
It is about refugees.
The report says that more people leave their homes from 2017 to 2018.
The total number of people is 70 million.
That is the highest on record.
Forty-one million people need help in their countries.
Twenty-six million people are refugees.
The report says that people are seeking asylum for many reasons.
There is war and fighting, very dry weather, political problems, or the people do not have any money.
Chinese President Xi Jinping meets North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.
Xi travels to North Korea.
This is the first time that a Chinese president travels there in 14 years.
In North Korea, Xi Jinping gets a great welcome.
There is a red carpet.
People wave flags along the streets.
The two leaders have dinner.
They watch a gymnastics performance.
Kim says that socialism is the most important things for North Korea and China.
He says that China and North Korea must protect it.
They must build it together.
Kim and Xi talk.
We do not know much of what they talk about.
However, the meeting is mostly symbolic.
North Korea and China want to show that they are friends.
They do this before the G-20 summit.
It starts tomorrow in Japan.
Facebook talks about its plans.
It is working on a digital currency.
The currency is called Libra.
The project has help from big partners like Mastercard, PayPal and Uber.
People can use Libra in 2020.
They can send Libra in Messenger and WhatsApp.
There will be a new app, too.
It is called Calibra.
It will be a digital Libra wallet.
Other apps can use Libra, too.
Libra is similar to bitcoin.
Facebook is doing this so people can send money around the world for free.
However, some people do not trust Facebook.
For example, some people worry that Facebook can look at how much Libra they have.
Somebody shoots down an airplane in Ukraine.
This is in 2014.
There are 298 people on the plane.
All of them die.
In 2014, people do not know who shoots down the plane.
Now, investigators find the criminals.
They know their names.
One of them is from Ukraine.
Three are from Russia.
The trial is going to be in March 2020.
This news is about the Internet in Ethiopia.
There are protests in some areas in Ethiopia in 2018.
The Internet is off in these areas.
Last week, the Internet is off again.
It is down for a week.
People do not know why.
Some people think that it is because of students.
They think that no Internet can stop students from cheating.
The country’s Internet provider says that it is going to give money to people.
The country loses money in the outage, too.
People say that Ethiopia loses around $17 million.
In 2012, Mohammed Morsi becomes the Egyptian President.
He is president for one year.
Many people protest.
The army overthrows him.
He goes to jail.
People say that the jail’s conditions are bad.
Last Monday, he is at court.
He falls down and he dies.
Last Sunday, two hydroelectric plants in Argentina fail.
This happens in the morning.
This makes the whole system fail.
Almost 50 million people lose electricity.
Most of them are in Argentina.
Uruguay and Paraguay also lose power.
People want to know why the system fails.
They are investigating the incident.
In May, the EU holds elections to the European Parliament.
Now the EU has a report.
The report says that Russian groups try to change the elections.
The report says that the Russians do this in a few ways.
They do not want a high voter turnout.
They want to change how people vote.
They want people to be angry.
The report says that social media companies help.
However, more work needs to be done.
The report does not blame Russian leaders.
It does not say if the elections are changed.
People use technology to change videos or audio.
Sometimes other people cannot tell that the new videos or audio are not real.
These new things are called ‘deepfakes’.
Deepfakes worry American leaders.
They think that people can use them to disrupt the election process in 2020.
It is very hard to stop deepfakes.
They are on social media.
Social media are everywhere.
Also, information moves quickly on the Internet.
Deepfakes can hurt a person’s reputation.
Some people think that businesses should take deepfakes down.
Other people say that people can say what they want.
In 2017, a building in London is on fire.
It is a high building where people live.
Its name is Grenfell Tower.
The fire is very big.
Seventy-two people die.
Survivors are filing a lawsuit against three companies.
The lawsuit says that a Whirlpool fridge starts the fire.
Materials in the building then burn really fast.
These materials are made by Arconic and Celotex.
Russia is not safe for journalists.
Between 1992 and 2019, 58 reporters are killed in Russia.
Ivan Golunov is a Russian reporter.
People know him because he shows corruption in Moscow.
Golunov is not killed but police arrest him.
Police say that they find drugs.
Golunov’s supporters say that the drugs are not his.
They say that the police put the drugs in his things.
Some people in Moscow start to protest.
Police let Golunov go.
He is not in any trouble.
The Kremlin gets involved.
Three police generals lose their jobs.
Hong Kong is in China.
It is different from China.
Hong Kong was British.
Now, it is free from China.
It is going to be free from China until 2047.
However, China wants Hong Kong.
It wants more power.
It shows that it wants Hong Kong sooner than 2047.
Some Hongkongers do not like this.
They do not want to be part of China.
Now there are protests in Hong Kong.
People protest because of a new law.
If this law passes, China can take some criminals from courts in Hong Kong and put them in a Chinese court.
The Vatican writes a document.
It is 31 pages long.
It talks about ‘gender theory’.
It tells Catholic schools, parents and others how to talk about ‘gender theory’.
The document criticises ‘radical’ forms of gender identity.
It says that gender identity is only about what people feel and what they want.
It says that there is some confusion.
The document says that being transgender or gender neutral is not real.
Some LGBTQ groups react to the document.
They do not like it.
However, the document also talks about respect.
The Vatican thinks that everyone must be respected.
People can be who they want to be.
It is important to respect them.
It is not OK to attack people.
It is not OK to say terrible things to them.
Question: What do you think about this news?.
Americans cannot simply travel to Cuba.
There are only four situations when they can.
They can visit their family in Cuba.
They can do government business.
They can do humanitarian work.
There is also a programme called ‘people-to-people’.
Americans can visit with this programme.
They must meet Cubans to travel with the programme.
The American government stops this programme.
It is harder for Americans to travel to Cuba.
The American government says that it does this because it does not like Cuba’s foreign policy.
A helicopter takes off.
It crashes after 11 minutes.
It crashes on the roof of a skyscraper.
This happens on Monday in New York.
Only the pilot is in the helicopter.
The crash starts a fire.
People put it out quickly.
No one else is injured in the crash.
People are coming from Mexico to the USA.
Some of them come illegally.
Trump wants this to stop.
He wants Mexico to stop them.
He says that if Mexico does nothing, he puts a tax on things which Mexico sells to the USA.
Last week, the USA and Mexico make a deal.
Mexico is going to try to stop the people.
Trump says that he will not start the tax.
A person has a cardiac arrest when his or her heart stops working.
This is very dangerous.
You can help this person by giving him or her CPR.
When you give CPR, you press down on the person’s chest.
You massage the person’s heart like this.
You breathe into the person’s mouth, too.
Scientists do a study.
They study how many people give CPR in public.
They find out that women get 23% less CPR than men.
Some people want to know why.
People use models to learn CPR.
The models look like men.
They do not look like women.
The people think that this reason can be why.
They make the Womanikin.
You put the Womanikin on the model.
The model looks like a woman, not a man, with the Womankin.
The International Space Station was closed to the public.
Only astronauts from some countries could go there.
Now, NASA is making big changes.
It is opening the ISS to people.
More business will be done on the ISS, too.
Astronauts will study more things there.
Countries are building 5G networks.
A few companies make 5G equipment.
Chinese company Huawei is one of them.
The USA bans Huawei.
The USA says that it is a dangerous company.
Russia makes a deal with Huawei.
Huawei is going to build a 5G network in Russia.
The Chinese President Xi Jinping visits Russia.
Putin and he make the deal final.
They make many deals.
They are all worth more than $20 billion.
There is Ebola in Congo.
Ebola is a serious sickness.
From August 2018 until now, 2,000 people catch it.
Around 1,300 people die.
The World Health Organisation is trying to stop Ebola.
There are some problems.
People are fighting in some areas.
Some people do not want to be vaccinated.
Sometimes, people attack doctors.
Doctors Without Borders had 130 attacks.
Tiananmen Square is in Beijing in China.
In 1989, some people protest there.
They want democracy and human rights.
The Chinese government does not want these protests.
They attack the people.
Many people die.
Now it is 30 years after these events.
Some people talk about the Tiananmen Square protests.
One man from the Chinese government says that attacking the people was good.
One man from the American government says that the protesters were heroes.
He says that China does not respect human rights.
They watch how much protected land there is.
There is less and less protected land.
From 1961 to 2019, there are 1.3 million square miles less of protected land.
This is mostly because of industry.
In the USA, there is less and less protected land, too.
07-06-19 15:00.
A woman is pregnant.
Her baby is 23 weeks old.
That is about 6 months old.
The mother does not feel well.
She goes to hospital.
She has preeclampsia.
The baby must be born very early.
The baby is not ready to leave her mother’s body.
Doctors say that the baby will not live.
However, the baby girl lives.
She is six months old now.
A nurse says that all nurses help the premature babies.
The babies have to be very strong to live.
The mother says that her baby is the smallest baby.
She is her baby.
NASA wants to go back to the moon.
It wants to go there in 2024.
NASA chooses three companies.
The companies are going to help NASA.
They are going to help move things to the moon.
If everything goes OK, NASA plans to move people to the moon.
It wants people to live on the moon by 2028.
This news is from Rio de Janeiro in Brazil.
The city has a crime problem.
People shoot and kill people.
From January to April of 2018, police kill 469 people.
It is worse this year.
From January to April of 2019, police kill 558 people.
In all of 2018, police kill 1534 people in Rio.
The New York Times says that there are gangs in Rio.
They are the problem.
They make the city bad.
Some people think that it is good that the police kill the criminals.
They think that the police stop the criminals by killing them.
Other people think that this is not good.
They think that good people can be scared of police.
Most people are heterosexual.
This means that women like men or men like women.
Some people are homosexual.
A homosexual man likes men.
A homosexual woman likes women.
Some people do conversion therapy.
Conversion therapy tries to change homosexual people into heterosexual people.
Conversion therapy is legal in most American states.
Colorado bans the therapy.
People cannot do conversion therapy on minors in Colorado.
Colorado becomes the 18th state to ban conversion therapy.
This news is from Budapest.
Budapest is the capital of Hungary.
A river runs through the city.
There are boats on the river.
There are 35 people on one boat.
Thirty-three of them are tourists.
They are from South Korea.
This boat hits another boat.
People find 7 dead bodies.
Twenty-one people are missing.
Taiwanese and American officials meet.
It is the first USA–Taiwan meeting in 40 years.
Taiwan says that security is discussed at the meeting.
China is not happy about the meeting.
It does not see Taiwan as a separate country.
It sees Taiwan as its territory.
Taiwan feels differently.
China asks the USA not to talk to Taiwan.
People hold election for the European Parliament.
The election happens from May 23rd to May 26th.
Around 400 million Europeans can vote.
This year, around 51% of them vote.
That is around 203 million people.
Most people vote for pro-EU parties.
These parties get 507 out of 751 seats in the parliament.
Some people vote for nationalist parties.
Nationalist parties usually do not like the EU.
They usually want their country to be strong.
Around 25% of people vote for nationalist parties.
Scientists study Coca Cola.
They say that the company does its own studies.
They say that it reviews those studies.
It can hide the studies that it does not like.
It can cancel research that it does not like.
This can be a problem.
It can mean that people only see the studies that Coca Cola likes.
However, Coca Cola says it does not do this.
It says that it does not have the right to do this.
However, scientists are still worried.
They ask Coca Cola and other companies to show their lists of cancelled studies.
Almost 400 college students are graduating.
A billionaire gives them a gift.
He says that he is going to pay off their student loans.
People are shocked.
One student thinks that the billionaire is lying.
The president of the college says that this is the first time that he sees something like this.
The billionaire is going to give the students $40 million.
Each student has a student loan of around $48,000.
In the USA, many college students have student loans.
Last year, the student loans are about $1.5 trillion in the USA.
Ford is a big car company.
It is going through some changes.
People are restructuring it.
The restructuring costs $11 billion.
When it is done, it will save Ford $600 million every year.
Ford has around 70,000 employees worldwide.
About 10% of them will lose their jobs.
The company does not need them anymore.
The relationship between the USA and Iran is not good at the moment.
The Pentagon is the military part of the USA.
People say that the Pentagon wants to send more soldiers to the Middle East.
The Pentagon wants to move 10,000 soldiers, ships and weapons there.
The Pentagon wants the forces to be around Iran.
We do not know if the White House approves this.
In Botswana, there are 130,000 elephants.
Botswana is the country with the most elephants in Africa.
Before 2014, people can hunt elephants in Botswana.
Then the country wants to protect the elephants.
It bans hunting.
Now, there are conflicts between people and elephants.
Botswana wants to protect elephants.
However, it must protect people, too.
Botswana stops the ban.
Now people can hunt elephants.
However, they must have a licence.
Botswana wants to give out up to 400 licenses a year.
Theresa May is the British Prime Minister.
She gives a speech.
She talks about her plans.
She says that she is going to step down on June 7th.
She says that Britain is under stress now.
However, there are many good things about Britain.
People still can feel good and be optimistic.
She says that for her being prime minister is very special.
Yemen has problems.
Many Yemenis are hungry.
The United Nations helps them.
They send them food.
However, there is a problem.
Not all of the food gets to the people.
Houthi rebels take some of the food.
They take about $15 million worth of food every month.
Children die because of this.
The UN is trying to talk to the Houthis.
If the talks fail, the UN can stop sending the food.
If they stop sending the food, they will still help women and children.
The USA is a big country.
One big region is the central USA.
The weather is very bad there.
In five days, there are 130 tornadoes.
It rains a lot, too.
62 centimetres of rain comes down.
The rain floods roads.
It affects around 28 million people.
People make plastic.
To make it, they put in additives.
It is easier to make plastic with additives.
To recycle the plastic, people cut it into very small pieces.
However, the plastic has the additives in it.
The cut-up plastic is hard to use again.
Scientists in California work on this problem.
They make a new plastic.
It can be recycled easily.
The plastic and the additives can be broken apart easily.
The scientists hope that this new plastic can help the planet.
They want there to be less plastic.
The USA and China meet.
They want to make trade deals.
The USA says that it will make China pay more to sell things in the USA.
China says that it will make the USA pay more to sell things in China.
People do not like this.
The stock market falls.
President Trump says that the USA needs to be strong.
It needs to make money.
He wants to work with China.
He is going to meet with China in Japan.
‘Vaping’ is smoking e-cigarettes.
In 2017 in the USA, 2 million children between 11–18 vape.
Vaping is not healthy.
You cannot buy cigarettes if you are 18 or younger.
Some states raise this limit.
In some states, you must be 21 to buy a cigar, a cigarette, or an e-cigarette.
Maryland is a small state in the USA.
It is in the Mid-Atlantic region.
Around 6 million people live there.
It is the 13th state that raises the limit to 21.
It is about a problem.
The problem is that young people commit suicide.
Suicide is the second biggest killer of young people in the USA.
People watch how many people commit suicide.
The number of people goes up between 1975 and 2016.
Boys commit suicide more than girls.
However, this is changing.
More and more girls are killing themselves.
From 2007, more girls commit suicide every year.
Some people say that more girls are committing suicide because of social media.
There is a new law in Taiwan.
Under this law, men can marry men.
Women can marry women.
Taiwan is the first Asian country where people can do this.
Many people are happy about this new law.
They come into the streets.
The country’s president is happy, too.
She tweets that this makes Taiwan a better country.
China is the biggest producer of pork.
China is having problems.
Many Chinese pigs are ill.
One million of them are dead.
They are ill because they have a virus.
The virus is deadly.
If a pig catches it, it is going to die.
By the end of this year, China will have only 66% of its pigs.
Dogs know how people feel.
They know if someone is sick.
A study explains these situations.
Our bodies smell differently if we feel stress.
Dogs have more than 200 million parts in the nose.
The parts connect to their brain.
People have only 50 million.
Dogs’ brains are different, too.
Dogs can smell much better than people.
They can smell things which people cannot.
Dogs can also detect some types of cancer.
They know if someone has the coronavirus.
We smell differently when we are sick.
Dogs know very quickly when our smell changes.
There is a new law in Florida.
The governor of Florida signs it.
The new law starts in October.
The law says that teachers can have a gun at school.
A teacher must be ready if he or she wants a gun.
The teacher must do at least 144 hours of training.
The teacher must also do drug tests and psychological tests.
Also, every school can choose if its teachers can have guns.
Cuba does not produce enough food.
People must import food to Cuba.
This is a problem.
There is never enough food in Cuba.
People cannot buy as much food as they want.
Each person can buy only a little food.
This is for normal food like chicken, eggs and rice.
The situation is worse now in Cuba.
Cuba says that this is because of the USA.
Cuba says that the USA is blocking Cuba.
There are political problems in Venezuela at the moment.
Cuba likes the leader there.
The USA likes a second leader.
The USA wants Cuba to stop liking the other leader.
Also, the USA says that Cuba has soldiers in Venezuela.
The USA says that Cuba must send the soldiers away.
Cuba says that there are no Cuban soldiers in Venezuela.
Scientists watch how much people drink.
They start watching in 1990.
In 1990, the typical person drinks 5.9 litres of alcohol a year.
That is around one drink a day.
In 1990, 45% of people drink.
In 2017, people drink more.
5 litres a year.
That is more than in 1990.
That is around eight drinks a week.
More people drink, too.
Around 47% of people drink in 2017.
In 2030, it is possible that 50% of people will drink.
People are drinking more.
More people are drinking.
Alcohol can be dangerous.
Scientists say that 3 million people die because of alcohol every year.
Prince Harry and Meghan have a baby.
His name is Archie.
They show him to the world.
Archie’s full name is Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor.
People want to know what his name means.
‘Archie’ means ‘brave’ or ‘genuine’.
Harrison means ’son of Harry’.
‘Mountbatten-Windsor’ is a combination of names.
‘Mountbatten’ is the name of Prince Philip’s family.
‘Windsor’ is the name of the Queen’s family.
‘Prince Philip is Archie’s great-grandfather and the Queens’ husband.
Two journalist work for Reuters.
They investigate the Myanmar government.
They want to know if Myanmar killed Rohingya Muslims.
Police arrest the journalists in 2017.
They go to prison.
They must be there for seven years.
Last Tuesday, the president of Myanmar sets the journalists free.
He sets free more than 6,500 prisoners, too.
This is called an amnesty.
The United Nations is happy that the president does this.
Erdogan is the president of Turkey.
This year is his 16th as president.
However, he is becoming less and less popular.
In March, there are local elections in Turkey.
People can choose people from Erdogan’s party.
They can also choose people from another party.
Erdogan’s party wins in almost all of Turkey.
It does not win in two cities.
These cities are Istanbul and Ankara.
They are important.
Istanbul is Turkey’s biggest city.
Ankara is the capital.
This is not good for Erdogan.
He wants to change this.
His party says that there is fraud in the election.
It wants a new election in Istanbul.
The party plans the new election for June.
Erdogan is happy.
He says that this is good for democracy.
The European Parliament does not think so.
It thinks that this is bad for democracy.
In 2010, an oil rig explodes.
It is in the ocean in the USA.
The explosion kills 11 people.
A lot of oil gets into the ocean.
President Obama makes stronger oil drilling laws.
President Trump and his people do not like the laws.
They say that they want to change some of the laws.
They want to stop some.
They say that they want better laws which help America.
Some people do not want to change the laws.
Trump says that the old laws do not make America safe.
He says that the laws are too expensive.
The ‘Star Wars’ films are very famous.
Many people know the character of Chewbacca from these films.
The actor who plays the original Chewbacca is Peter Mayhew.
Mayhew is very tall.
He has a condition.
It makes him grow tall.
He grows to 221 centimetres.
This helps him play the iconic role.
He is in three of the ‘Star Wars’ films.
Recently, he dies at age 74.
His family writes about his death on Twitter.
They write that ‘he put his heart and soul in the role’.
They also write that his ‘Star Wars’ family is very important to him.
Jakarta is Indonesia’s capital.
The city has problems.
It is overcrowded.
Too many people live there.
There are often traffic jams.
People say that traffic jams cost $7 billion a year.
Also, the city is sinking.
More than one half of it is below the sea.
Due to these problems, the Indonesian president decides to move the capital.
This can take up to 10 years.
It is going to cost $23–$33 billion.
On Friday, a storm hits India.
It is a strong storm.
It brings heavy rain.
It brings winds of 193 kilometres per hour.
On Friday, three or more people die.
The storm hits the state of Odisha.
Children there do not go to school.
Airports are closed.
Authorities tell 1.2 million people to evacuate.
The storm is now moving to Bangladesh.
It is getting weaker.
The Internet is international.
Most countries have international Internet.
However, a country can have its own Internet.
For example, China has its own Internet.
Russia wants to have its own Internet, too.
President Vladimir Putin says ‘yes’ to new laws.
With its own Internet, Russia does not need international servers.
Russia says that this is good for the Internet’s stability.
It says that the Internet can be safer like this.
Some people criticise this.
They say that Russia is doing this to block free speech.
Japan does not have kings or queens.
It has emperors.
Japan’s emperor is Emperor Akihito.
He steps down last Tuesday.
He does this at an official ceremony.
He says that he is lucky to be an emperor.
He wishes good luck to his son.
His son becomes the new emperor.
He is Japan’s 126th emperor.
His name is Naruhito.
Two elections take place in Indonesia.
People choose their president in one election.
They choose the members of parliament in the second election.
Both elections take place on the 17th April.
Around six million people work on the elections.
Some of them have too much work.
They get very tired and ill.
Some of them even die.
More than 1,800 people get ill.
More than 270 people die.
The Boy Scouts of America is an organisation.
It teaches children new skills.
However, all is not good in the organisation.
Some people are worried that some children are sexually abused.
Lawyers are suing the organisation.
The lawyers say that almost 8,000 Boy Scout leaders sexually abuse almost 12,000 children.
The Boy Scouts of America says that it is trying to protect the children.
They say that they check if people do anything wrong.
The European Parliament passes a new law.
It is about copyright reforms.
It makes big changes for technology companies.
The law says that Internet sites need to pay to show another organisation’s work.
This means that a news site has to pay to show news from another news organisation.
The law also says that Internet companies need to watch their users.
If their users break the law, the companies get in trouble.
Critics do not like this.
They say that this can stop creativity on the Internet.
They say that people cannot say what they think after this.
Asteroids can hit the earth.
NASA says that this can happen.
However, there is a very small chance.
NASA does want to talk about this.
NASA starts working with FEMA.
FEMA is another American government agency.
The agencies hold a conference.
Scientists from all over the world come to the conference.
They talk about asteroids.
They talk about what people can do to protect Earth.
high chance – something is going to happen), government agency (the offices of people who do some work for the government – the ‘bosses’ of a country).
This news is about drones.
Drones are very small planes.
They can move things.
Some companies want to make money with drones.
Drones can deliver things.
Alphabet is a company.
It tests drones in Australia.
It does more than 70,000 test flights, and makes more than 3,000 deliveries.
The American government says that the company can use the drones in the USA.
The company is now starting tests in Virginia (an American state).
There are protests in London.
A group called Extinction Revolution organises the protests.
The protests are 1.
Police arrest more than 1,000 people.
The activists say that their protests are working.
They are very popular.
Politicians know it.
The activists want the politicians to make a plan.
The plan is to have zero carbon emissions by 2025.
‘Avengers: Endgame’ is the newest ‘Avengers’ film.
Many people are looking forward to seeing it.
People can see it already.
They can go to cinemas.
The film is making a lot of money.
It makes $60 million in preview screenings.
That is more than ‘Star Wars: The Force Awakens’.
Analysts think that the film can make more than $300 million in its opening weekend.
That is more than ‘Avengers: Infinity War’.
That movie makes almost $258 million in its first weekend.
Volodymyr Zelenskiy is a Ukrainian actor.
He plays a popular TV character.
The character talks about corruption.
He becomes the Ukrainian president on the show.
The actor Zelenskiy uses this popularity.
He talks about corruption in real life.
He runs for president in real life.
He wins in real life.
His opponent is Petro Poroshenko.
Zelenskiy gets 73 per cent of votes.
Poroshenko only gets 23 per cent.
The Chinese navy is 70 years old.
There is a parade.
China shows off its newest submarines and ships.
China’s President Xi Jinping wants China to have a powerful navy.
China creates new planes, too.
China has a new ship.
It can carry a plane.
It is not at the parade.
People test it at sea.
People are presidents for terms.
In Egypt, one term is four years.
The Egyptian people change this.
The people vote.
They change the Egyptian law.
Now, one Egyptian presidential term is six years long.
One person can be president for two terms.
Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi is the Egyptian President now.
He is in his second term.
For him, there are special new laws.
He can be president for a third term.
People can vote for him in 2024.
He can be president until 2030.
There is a terrorist attack in Sri Lanka on Sunday.
Eight or more bombs explode.
More than 300 people die.
Five hundred people are injured.
ISIS says that this is its terror attack.
However, it does not have proof.
People think that more terrorist organisations do this attack.
One man says that this can be revenge for the terrorist attack in New Zealand last month.
A nuclear power plan is in Fukushima, Japan.
An earthquake and a tsunami hit in 2011.
There is a big explosion.
Many fuel rods are melted.
They are dangerous.
They must go into special boxes.
People are moving them.
There are about 1,560 fuel rods which they must move.
This can take up to 40 years.
Stratolaunch is a company.
It makes the biggest plane in the world.
It is 227 metric tons heavy.
It is 61 metres long.
It has six engines.
It is so big so it can carry a rocket.
The rocket has a satellite inside.
The plane flies the rocket 7,620 metres in the air.
From there, the rocket flies to space.
Stratolaunch says that launching satellites like this is cheaper than with normal rockets.
Idai is a tropical storm.
It hits southern Africa a month ago.
It affects millions of people.
Thousands of people are injured.
Many things are destroyed.
It can cost more than $2 billion.
The tropical storm is gone.
However, people are still dying.
The World Health Organization plans to help against cholera.
In France, a fire happens at the Notre Dame Cathedral.
It starts up by a tower.
It comes down through the ceiling.
Firefighters save a lot of the small works of art.
An official tells them what works are important.
Even though there is a fire, the building does not fall.
Its structure still stands.
Its two towers in the front still stand.
A French official says that people are lucky.
People can see if the building is stable.
Then they can save the bigger works of art.
They can fix the art.
In February, an Israeli organisation sends a spacecraft to the moon.
It costs $100 million.
This is not very much.
NASA spends billions of dollars to go to the moon.
The Israeli spacecraft flies around the moon.
It does this well.
It tries to land.
This does not go well.
Its engine turns off.
The people who control the spacecraft try to help.
They turn the engine on.
They cannot get the spacecraft to go down.
Israel’s Prime Minister talks about this.
He says that if something does not go well first, you try again.
People find a big snake in a preserve in southern Florida.
It is 5 metres long and 64 kilograms heavy.
It is a female python.
Pythons are not normally that big there.
They are usually only two to three metres long.
The python comes from Southeast Asia.
It lives in Florida because of people.
Sometimes people get the snake as a pet.
If the snakes get too big, people let them go into the wild.
The python is an invasive species for Florida.
There is no animal that eats it.
People try to take many pythons out of the wild there.
People in Israel vote.
The Israeli Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, is probably going to be leader again.
In Israel, people vote for political parties.
They do not vote for specific people.
There are two big political parties.
There are some smaller parties, too.
Some people vote for the small parties.
They get into the parliament.
Some of these parties like Netanyahu.
This helps him.
Some people say that he does bad things as a leader.
The new party can help him.
President Trump talks about Netanyahu.
He says there can be peace between Israel and Palestine if Netanyahu is the leader.
It rains a lot in Iran.
The rain starts in March.
There is too much water.
Many parts of Iran are flooded.
People are in danger.
Thousands of them must leave.
Seventy people die.
The water destroys almost 2,000 cities and villages.
The Red Crescent is an organisation in Iran.
It helps the people.
It helps them move.
It gives them tents and blankets.
The IFRC is another organisation.
It helps people around the world.
It sends Iran $500,000.
However, Iran says it does not have the money.
Iran says that this is because the USA is blocking Iran.
In 2001, 93,000 people in France live on the streets.
In 2012, 141,000 people live on the streets.
More and more people in France do not have homes.
One person dies every day there because they do not have a home.
The United Nations looks at the situation in France.
The UN says that the French government is not working to lower the homelessness.
The UN says that France must do something about this problem.
This news is about a law in South Korea.
It is a 66-year-old law.
It makes abortions illegal.
They are legal only in special cases.
The Constitutional Court of Korea looks into the law.
It says that this law is against the constitution.
The law must change.
The Korean parliament must change it by the end of 2020.
The Hazaras people live in one city in Pakistan.
They are a minority.
They are Shia Muslims.
Police and soldiers go with them when they go somewhere in the city.
They protect them.
Last Friday, a bomb explodes in the city.
Twenty people die.
Many people are injured.
Seven Hazaras and one soldier die in the attack.
CNN says that a Sunni militant group says that it does the attack.
Last month, there is a terrorist attack in New Zealand.
A man shoots at people.
Fifty people die.
He films the situation.
Everyone can see it on the Internet.
The Australian parliament does not like this.
It thinks that videos like this must not be on the Internet.
It says ‘yes’ to a new law.
This law says that companies like Facebook or Twitter must take down videos like this.
If the companies do not, they must pay money.
5 million dollars or more.
The people who work at the Internet company can even go to prison.
This news is about Iran and the USA.
The USA says that the Iranian army is a terrorist organisation.
This is the first time that the USA calls a country’s army ‘terrorists’.
Trump says that this sends Iran a strong message.
Iran says that this is ‘inappropriate and idiotic’.
Iran says that it will react to this.
An American government organisation has 35 reports from 2010–2019.
These reports show that people have seizures after they use e-cigarettes.
The organisation is worried.
It wants to know more.
It asks people to give more information.
They can put the problems on its website.
Young people are in many of the reports.
It is not obvious if vaping makes the seizures happen.
However, cigarettes or e-cigarettes can make seizures happen.
They have nicotine in them which can cause seizures.
Nicotine is a chemical.
China has new rules for travelers.
They start on December 1.
These rules should help tourism.
Officials will make travel easier.
People from some countries do not need visas anymore.
Officials will change the rules if it is necessary.
In the first three days of December, 7,000 visitors from France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Spain, and Malaysia come to China.
Daily tourist numbers from these places go up by 39% compared to the end of November.
This helps China’s tourism after COVID-19.
The government wants to improve its global image.
Many people have negative views of China.
The new rule is good news for Germany.
China says that the rules will change for more EU countries in the future.
This news is from Gaza.
In March 2018, Palestinians start to protest.
They call the protest the Great March of Return.
Palestinians protest every week.
They want their land back.
They say that Israel has taken their land.
One year later, there is a big protest.
Forty thousand people protest in March 2019.
In one year of the protests, Israeli police kill 250 Palestinians.
There are big wildfires in South Korea.
Thousands of people evacuate.
Fires destroy more than 100 homes.
They injure eleven people.
Two or more people die.
One big fire started last Thursday.
In one day, it burns 1,300 acres of land.
This news is about measles.
Measles is an illness.
It attacks the organs for breathing.
In the USA, people have problems with the measles.
There are many cases of measles.
From January to March of 2019, there are more cases of measles than in all of 2018.
American leaders are trying to do something about it.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika is the Algerian president.
He first becomes president in 1999.
People elect him again in 2004, 2009 and 2014.
Some people elect him.
Some people do not.
Some people criticise him.
They say that he becomes president illegally.
In 2019, he is still president.
He wants to be president for more five years.
He tells this to people.
Most recently, he stops being president.
He is 82 years old.
People hold a design exhibition in London.
Thirty-seven countries share their version of a utopia.
Turkey’s utopia has a wish machine.
Lebanon’s version is very realistic.
It shows the street life of Beirut.
Australia’s utopia has a special table.
It shows plastic in the sea.
Australia wants to say that this is a problem.
The New York Times calls London the new world capital for design.
The boss of the design exhibition likes this.
He says that the exhibition shows that all of this is true.
Thousands of migrants move to Calais, France.
They run away from war and poverty in their countries.
However, the situation is not good for the French people.
The migrants are in a big camp.
People call it the jungle migrant camp.
People destroy a half of it.
Politicians say that they want to destroy the second half.
They do not say when they will do this.
More than 7,000 migrants live in that half of the camp.
Some French people are angry with their politicians.
They say that the politicians do not do anything.
A big group of trucks goes on the road.
They move very slow.
They slow down the traffic.
In Germany, people build a big sandcastle.
International artists work on it.
It takes them weeks.
They have an accident.
It happens after just one week.
Parts of the castle come down.
They continue to work.
People come to watch them.
The Guinness World Record officials are there, too.
They say that the sandcastle is the highest sandcastle in the world.
It measures 14.
A sandcastle can be made only from sand and water.
There is some wood in this sandcastle.
People use the wood when they build a sandcastle.
The artists forget the wood is there.
They do not set a new world record.
The World Scrabble Championship happens in Lille, France.
People from 30 countries come.
The two best players are British.
Their final game is very exciting.
They put together very good words.
The best word scores 176 points.
The winner is very happy.
He becomes the World Scrabble Champion of 2016.
He also wins 7,000 euros.
To celebrate, he goes out.
He buys a bottle of champagne.
He says that he does not want to play Scrabble for the rest of the year.
The hot dog is something typical of New York.
One man says that it is like the Empire State Building or the Brooklyn Bridge.
Those places are also very typical of New York.
One brand of hot dogs is 100 years old.
The brand celebrates its birthday.
People use the hot dogs to make the longest line of hot dogs.
They use 1,916 buns.
This big hot dog is 292 metres long.
This is 34 metres longer than the second longest hot dog.
The second longest hot dog is made in Tokyo.
), bun (a piece of bread around a sausage).
Mother Teresa is a nun.
She helps poor people in India.
She gets the Nobel Peace Prize for her work.
Many people know her.
She dies in 1997.
Pope John Paul II wants to make her a saint.
She becomes a saint this month.
Pope Francis makes her a saint.
This happens at St Peter’s Square at the Vatican.
Many people watch this.
St Teresa has critics.
They say that she does not fight the causes of poverty.
They also say that she takes money from dictators.
Princess Diana marries Prince Charles in 1981.
They have a child.
His name is Prince William.
He is born in 1982.
His brother Harry is born in 1984.
Diana and Charles are not happy together.
They separate in 1992.
In 1993, Diana stops her public duties.
However, she does more charity work.
She visits the Red Cross in Zimbabwe.
She goes to Angola.
She tells the world about landmines.
They are a big problem in Africa.
Princess Diana, the People’s Princess, dies in Paris in 1997.
She dies in a car crash with her boyfriend.
People move her body back to the UK.
People in El Salvador celebrate a festival.
It happens every year.
It is quite dangerous.
People throw fireballs at the festival.
The festival honours a big volcanic eruption.
It happened in 1922.
The festival is not new.
However, there are still no rules.
People can get hurt.
SpaceX is a company.
It makes rockets.
These rockets go to space.
This news is about one of its rockets.
The rocket is in Florida.
People test it.
Something is wrong.
People can see black smoke.
The rocket explodes.
This is not the company’s first fail.
SpaceX is only 14 years old.
Elon Musk is the boss of SpaceX.
He wants to make space travel cheaper.
In 2018, he wants to send robots to Mars.
In 2024, he wants to send people to Mars.
This story is about two girls.
They are from London.
They are born conjoined.
They are connected at the belly.
Doctors worry about them.
Their situation is not good.
The twins have only a 25% chance of survival.
The doctors operate on them.
The operation is successful.
The twins are fine.
Now, it is four years after the operation.
The girls are going to school.
They cannot wait! They want to be big girls.
Big girls go to school.
Notting Hill is a district in London.
The Notting Hill Carnival takes place there every year.
It is Europe’s biggest street party.
It is the second biggest carnival in the world.
The carnival begins in the ’60s.
Only a few hundred people come.
It grows bigger every year.
This year is its 50th.
Two million people come.
The weather is nice.
Everybody has a good time.
There are 9,000 police officers at the carnival.
They protect the people.
They try a face recognition technology.
This technology can find bad people.
Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory is a film.
It is from the year 1971.
Gene Wilder is an actor.
He is in this film.
He is Willy Wonka.
Other people are in the film.
One actress talks about Gene Wilder.
She says that he is very kind and patient.
Wilder is in other films, too.
He is very funny.
People nominated him for an Oscar.
Gene Wilder becomes ill.
He has Alzheimer’s.
Only his family knows this.
He does not tell other people about it.
He does not want to make people sad.
Gene Wilder dies.
People are extending a highway in Peru.
However, there is not enough land for the highway.
There are houses in the way.
These houses must be destroyed.
People live in the houses, but they must go away.
They do not want to go away.
Police come to their houses.
The people fight the police.
In the end, the police force the people away.
This is a big problem in Peru.
It is a problem in all of Latin America, too.
This news is about a whale shark.
It gets tangled in a fishing net.
It cannot move.
Water moves it onto a beach.
People find the shark.
They cut through the net.
They push the shark back into the water.
The whale shark is a protected species.
It is a type of shark.
It is not dangerous.
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
There are protests in Zimbabwe.
People are angry at their president.
His name is Robert Mugabe.
The protesters fight the police.
They throw rocks and they set things on fire.
The protesters say that they will protest again.
The country has economic problems.
They want an electoral reform, too.
Mugabe is 92 years old.
He wants to run for president in 2018 again.
You can read the original story and watch the video in the Level 3 section.
This news is about Bewick’s swans.
These swans migrate every year.
They fly from the Russian Arctic to Britain.
This is 7,242 kilometres across 11 countries.
There are fewer swans now than in the past.
People shoot the swans.
Sometimes, the swans hit power lines.
However, these threats are not so bad.
There must be something else.
One woman wants to find out.
She flies a paramotor with the swans.
A special effects experts makes a Batman cosplay suit.
It has 23 working gadgets.
Some of the examples it has are smoke bombs, a grapnel gun and a UV lamp.
The suit is 3D-printed, and formed around the man’s body.
He is 208 centimetres tall in the suit.
The man gets a Guinness World Record for his suit.
It has the most working gadgets on it.
The Russian Olympic team has problems.
It is involved in doping scandals.
One hundred Russian athletes cannot go to Rio.
Only 287 Russian athletes go.
However, Russia still does well at the Olympics.
It finishes in fourth place.
One hundred Russian athletes win a medal.
The Russian Prime Minister thanks them.
He also gives them BMWs.
The word burkini is from the words burka and bikini.
 It is a swimsuit for women.
It covers their body.
Only their face, hands and feet are not covered.
Some people have a problem with the burkini.
In 2009, people banned a woman from a swimming pool in Paris.
Now, some French resorts are banning the burkini, too.
The French Prime Minister is also against the burkini.
Other people are OK with it.
They say that the ban is an infringement of rights.
Critics say that the ban could make some Islamic terrorists angry.
This news is about a man.
He is from India.
He has a road accident.
He gets better.
He picks up a bad habit.
He starts swallowing knives.
Some time later, he goes to hospital.
He has a stomach ache.
He does not tell the doctors about the knives.
The doctors look inside his stomach.
They see the knives.
The doctors ask the man about them.
He says that there are 28 of them.
Doctors operate on the man.
They take out the knives.
There are 40 of them.
Usain Bolt wins the Olympic gold in three events.
The third is for a 100-metre relay.
Jamaicans in Rio celebrate.
Back home in Jamaica, people are very proud of him.
It is a great achievement, but it can also be his last.
Bolt is going to retire next year.
It rains a lot in Moscow.
4 centimetres of water rains down on the city.
The streets are flooded.
Two hundred people evacuate.
One man, however, enjoys the bad weather.
He gets on a wakeboard.
A car pulls him in the flooded streets.
This news is from Rio.
It is not about sports.
It is about love.
A Chinese diver proposes to his girlfriend.
They are on a podium.
He is very nervous.
He does not know what she is going to say.
They are not the only couple there.
A Brazilian rugby player’s girlfriend proposed to her.
They are on the pitch after the grand final.
A British race walker proposes to his boyfriend.
They are on Copacabana Beach.
An American triple jumper proposes to his girlfriend.
He does this after winning a silver medal.
This isn’t just the athletes.
All the people are feeling the love and happiness in Rio.
Aleppo is a city in Syria.
Rebels hold one of its neighbourhoods.
The army attacks the neighbourhood.
Three people die.
More people are injured.
People find a boy in the rubble.
He is only five years old.
His hair and face are covered in dirt and blood.
People put him in an ambulance.
He doesn’t even cry.
He just sits there.
This news is about an aircraft.
It is the biggest aircraft in the world.
It is as long as a football pitch.
It is as tall as six double-decker buses.
It costs 25 million pounds to make.
It can carry heavier loads than a jumbo jet, but it is quieter and eco-friendlier.
It can stay in the air for up to five days.
The makers think that it is the future of flying.
It flies for the first time.
It is in the air for two hours.
It goes up to 914 metres.
Fiji is an island.
It is in the Pacific Ocean.
It wins its first Olympic Medal.
The Fiji rugby team wins.
The team does a great job.
The players beat Great Britain 43-7.
Fiji’s prime minister declares a public holiday.
Many people come to bars, shopping centres and the national stadium.
They watch the match.
They are very, very happy when the team wins.
The rugby team has a British coach.
He is very happy, too.
Fidel Castro was the president of Cuba.
He retired in 2008.
His brother Raul Castro is now the Cuban President.
However, many people still like Fidel Castro.
Fidel Castro turns 90 years old.
There is a big birthday party for him in Cuba.
He comes to the party.
He has a good time.
People are happy that he is there.
Fidel Castro does not speak at the party.
He later writes a letter.
He thanks everybody.
He also criticises Barack Obama.
Obama visited Cuba in March.
The Japanese Emperor is over 80 years old.
He is the Emperor since 1989.
He speaks to the people.
He says that he is old.
He wishes to abdicate.
The Japanese people understand.
However, this is not easy.
Japanese emperors cannot abdicate.
They must serve until they die.
Japan has to make new rules.
Then he can abdicate.
A special restaurant opens in London.
Everything in it is 3D printed.
The food is even 3D printed.
The restaurant’s boss says that the future is coming quickly.
A lot of people are excited.
Some people are also worried.
The restaurant brings people together.
They can talk about the future.
Machines print the food.
Chefs and artists design the files for the computers.
The restaurant wants to have events in more cities.
The events may happen in Barcelona, Cape Town, and Sydney.
The Olympic Games in Brazil begin.
They are the first Olympic Games in South America.
There is an opening ceremony.
It celebrates Brazil’s natural beauty, history and culture.
Three billion people watch the ceremony.
Some people protest against the games.
They say that they are too expensive.
They protest against corruption too.
The opening ceremony costs 21 million dollars.
In 2012, London pays 42 million.
Arnold Schwarzenegger is on safari in South Africa.
He is in a car.
The car is not moving.
An elephant comes close to the car.
It moves around the car slowly.
The car starts to move.
The elephant starts to run behind the car.
This is a little scary.
Schwarzenegger films this.
He shares the video with his 5.4 million followers on Instagram.
He says that people should not kill elephants.
This news is from Japan.
A man works at a facility.
This facility helps disabled people.
The man stops working at the facility.
He sends a letter to politicians.
He says that he wants to kill many disabled people.
People send him to hospital.
He is in hospital for two weeks.
The man comes back to the facility.
He has a knife.
He kills 19 people.
He injures 25 more people.
In Hawaii, USA, a volcano erupts.
Its lava moves six miles to the Pacific Ocean.
The lava goes into the sea.
In the water, the lava’s color changes from red to dark red and black.
People say that the lava is not making problems for towns.
But people need to stay away.
Some tourists still get near it.
They want to see it and take pictures.
This news is from Normandy in France.
There is an attack.
Two men hold hostage five people – a priest, two nuns, and two worshippers.
The priest is 80 years old.
The men cut his throat.
French police shoot the two men.
This attack happens two weeks after the attack in Nice.
Eighty-four people die in that attack.
That attack injures more than 300 people.
This news is from Taiwan.
A bus goes to the airport.
The bus is full of tourists.
The people on the bus are from China.
A fire starts on the bus.
The bus goes from one side of the road to the other.
Then the bus hits the side of the road.
All 26 people on the bus die in the accident.
Firemen say that the fire was big.
Amateur video shows the bus on fire.
People do not know what starts the fire.
Now, people want to know more information about the cause of this fire.
This news is from England.
A 31-year-old man steals a wallet from a car.
This happens in Birmingham.
The police can see the thief on camera.
The police cannot believe what the thief is doing.
The thief is dancing.
He is happy because he has money now.
Dancing is his celebration.
The police find the man.
It is not the first time that he steals something.
The thief goes to prison.
His prison time is two weeks.
Facebook’s drone finishes its first test flight.
It is successful.
The drone flies for 96 minutes in Arizona.
The company hopes that the drone will bring Internet to all people.
The company hopes to have many of these drones.
It wants drones that can fly for 3 months without stopping.
The company wants to make the drone lighter.
Then it can fly for longer periods.
The company hopes that it will soon break the world record for the longest solar-powered flight.
At the moment, the record is 2 weeks.
In Argentina, a whale has a big problem.
It beaches on the coast.
It is very big.
It stays like this for more than 24 hours.
People try to help the whale.
They wait for the tide to rise.
They try to use a rope to move the whale.
Then they try to use a hose to pull the whale.
They pull it to deeper water.
The tide is not very high.
But the whale can swim.
It can swim away.
It looks like it waves when it swims away.
In Munich, a man does a very bad thing.
He brings a gun to a shopping centre.
He kills 9 people.
He injures 27 people.
He kills himself after the attack.
People talk about the attack.
The man is not connected to the Islamic State.
He does not have a license for his gun.
He has no criminal record.
Police are investigating why he does this attack.
4,000 people call police because of this attack.
This news is about leopards in Russia.
There are not many leopards in nature today.
This is thanks to human activity.
Now people want to have more leopards in nature again.
They put three Persian leopards in nature.
These three leopards are from a centre for leopards in Sochi National Park.
People trained them to survive in nature.
People want to monitor them and help them if necessary.
A man is brave.
He likes to do risky things.
He climbs Mount Everest.
He goes 16,000 kilometres across the Pacific Ocean.
Now he wants to beat a world record.
He wants to fly around the world.
He will do it solo in a hot-air balloon.
He must fly around the world in less than 13 and a half days.
Then he can beat the record.
His wife says that flying in a balloon solo is important for him.
It is his childhood dream.
This news comes from Romania.
Some criminals kidnap people.
They find them at places like railway stations.
This starts to happen in 2008.
The criminals make the people be slaves.
Some of these slaves are children.
Their masters don’t behave well.
They give them only little food.
The police find some of these criminals and slaves.
The police find 29 criminals.
The police save 5 slaves.
The police believe that there are more criminals.
They believe that there are 40 slaves altogether.
In Tukey, almost 200 people die and over 1000 are injured.
This happens when a part of the army tries to take control of the government.
It begins when rebel soldiers close some bridges in Istanbul.
People do not know who is in control of the country.
Explosions happen in the capital of Ankara and also in Istanbul.
Planes in Istanbul cannot fly.
The country’s president asks people for support.
They support him.
The coup is finished.
The rebel soldiers leave their tanks.
This news is from France.
There was an attack on people in the town of Nice.
People put down flowers and candles for the people who are dead.
People out in the streets are scared and angry.
One lady says that people think that these attacks always happen in other places.
But when the attack happens in your home, it touches you directly.
Another lady is angry.
She says that people need more protection from these attacks.
People feel nervous.
They don’t know when these attacks will end.
There is a new Ghostbusters movie.
People promote it at a station in London.
A model of a character from the film is there.
It is the Marshmallow Man.
9 metres high and 2.
He breaks through the floor.
People take pictures of him.
Some people are just shocked.
Hull is a city in England.
The city is very connected to the sea.
The city celebrates the sea.
People strip down.
Other people paint them blue.
There are four types of blue.
The people pose.
A person photographs them.
Spencer Tunick is the photographer.
He is from New York.
You can see the photographs next year.
France is hosting the Euro 2016.
France plays against to Portugal.
At half time, the score is 0-0.
People are angry.
They set mopeds and cars on fire in Paris.
The end of the match happens.
Portugal scores a goal.
The French get angry.
They go to the streets.
They let off some steam.
The Portuguese are in the streets, too.
They are celebrating.
This news is from Sochi.
Thousands of people come to the Olympics of choral music.
The Olympics started in 2000.
This is the 16th year.
283 choirs take part.
There are 12,000 singers from 36 countries.
There are 29 categories of performance.
People can also see synchronised dancing or solo singers.
This news is from east China.
It rains a lot there.
The rivers overflow.
Villages and towns are flooded.
The lives of millions of people change.
Pictures of farmers go online.
They say goodbye to their pigs.
They think that their pigs are going to die.
Many people see the photos.
They want to help the pigs.
They send help.
People save the pigs.
This is a happy ending.
Dogs can get injured.
Sometimes they need blood.
Then you must get blood from another dog.
This is not always easy or quick.
An animal hospital wants to help dogs.
The hospital is in Taiwan.
Dogs there can donate blood at the hospital.
The dog must be between 1 and 8 years old.
It must be over 20 kilograms heavy.
It must be healthy.
The hospital wants to help cats and other pets, too.
Wannabe is a song by the Spice Girls.
It is 20 years old.
Now, the song gets a makeover.
People make a new video to the song.
It is part of Project Everyone.
This project wants to improve the lives of women and girls.
It wants to end violence against girls.
It also wants good education for them.
It also wants equal pay for equal work.
The new video shows people what women really want.
The original Spice Girls like the project.
Police kill two black men.
The men die in two places.
One dies in Minnesota.
The other one dies in Louisiana.
The killings start a debate.
Some people protest.
They protest against police brutality and racism.
One protest is in Dallas.
An incident happens during the protest.
A man is very mad at police.
He is a sniper.
He kills 5 policemen.
He wounds 6 more.
Chester Zoo is in England.
It has three new animals: warthog babies.
Their names are Hedwig, Nagini and Aragog.
These are names from the Harry Potter books.
There are two girls and a boy.
They are just 20 centimetres tall.
These animals are called warthogs because they have warts.
One pair of warts is on their faces.
The second pair is near their tusks.
The warthog’s home is in Africa.
Warthogs are in danger there.
People catch them.
There is also not enough water there.
The Copacabana Beach is in Rio de Janeiro.
The Olympics start there on the 5th of August.
This is the first time that the Olympics are in South America.
Crime is rising.
The Brazilian economy is not good.
And now, body parts wash up on the Copacabana Beach.
Athletes are going to play on the beach only metres from the body parts.
We do not know any details about the body.
People think that the parts are from a right leg and foot.
This news is from Cuba.
There is a bad storm.
There are waterspouts.
They are at sea.
They move to land.
They destroy homes.
They are the first waterspouts in Cuba.
Thankfully, no one dies.
There are suicide bombings in Saudi Arabia.
One happens in the car park of the Prophet’s Mosque in Medina.
This is the second most important place in Islam.
It is 1394 years old.
It is the Prophet’s Muhammed’s burial place.
Millions of people visit it every year.
Another suicide bomber attacks in the provence of Qatif.
Another bomber attacks the US consulate.
People do not know who does these attacks.
People think that it is the Islamic State.
This news is from Florida.
An orangutan is at a theme park.
She escapes from her enclosure.
People do not know how she escapes.
They try to find out.
People shoot the orangutan with a special gun.
This gun does not kill her.
She only starts to sleep.
People put her back into her enclosure.
Viktor Orban is the Hungarian Prime Minister.
He is against migration there.
He wants to stop it.
Ten migrants try to cross the border to Serbia.
This happens last year.
Now, the migrants must go to trial in Hungary.
This is the first time something like this comes to trial.
Nine of the men must go to prison.
However, they get free in the end.
A person from the UN talks to the media after the trial.
He says that he is worried.
Scientists study cow pee.
The cow pee is from India.
The scientists study it for 7 years.
They have 500 samples of cow pee.
Each sample is from a different cow.
Every sample has gold in it.
There is 10 to 30 milligrams of gold in a litre of pee.
The team makes another discovery.
The team says that cow pee can also be used in medicine.
The Big Wave Tour is a surfing competition.
It consists of 6 events.
These events take place until February.
There must be big waves for the events.
They must be at least 6 metres high.
The first event takes place in Mexico.
Twelve surfers are successful.
A glass slide is opened on the side of a building.
The building is the tallest building in LA.
The slide is 305 metres above the streets.
People can sit on the slide and slide on it for 14 metres.
The slide finishes on the 69th floor.
The glass is only 3 centimetres thick.
It is very strong.
It can survive a hurricane and even an earthquake.
A 777 Boeing is in the air.
It is flying from Singapore to Milan.
The pilot receives an engine oil-warning message.
He turns the plane back.
He starts to let out fuel.
He lands in Singapore.
Soon, the engine catches fire.
People film it.
They put the video on the Internet.
There are 241 people on the plane.
All of them are fine.
The pilot does a good job.
London’s 43rd Pride parade happens.
Tens of thousands of people come.
There are also 300 groups at the event.
One of the groups is the Met police.
The police stop.
One officer wants to ask his boyfriend a question.
He takes off his hat and gets on one knee.
He proposes to him.
And, of course, his boyfriend says yes!.
There is a football match.
It is Argentina against Chile.
The team wins 4-2.
Lionel Messi is a great player.
He wins a lot of trophies with Barcelona.
However, he is not so great with his country.
Messi retires from international football.
He says this after the match with Chile.
June 21st is International Yoga Day.
In India, 30,000 people do yoga on this day.
Narendra Modi is one of them.
He is the Prime Minister of India.
He tells people to embrace yoga.
He says that yoga helps people.
People and he prove that anyone can do yoga.
A British man is living in the USA.
He goes to a Trump rally.
He tries to kill Trump.
He plans this for a year.
He goes to a gun range before the rally.
Now, he is facing 10 years in prison.
A man climbs up an arch of the Sydney Harbour Bridge.
He sits there and relaxes.
He is 75 metres above the Australian city.
This is a problem for traffic.
People close three lanes.
, the man climbs back down.
Police arrest him.
They take him to hospital.
Everything goes back to normal.
Richmond is in Virginia, USA.
It is the state’s capital.
The zoo in Richmond has two new animals.
They are baby snow leopards.
They are one month old.
They do not have names.
Their mother takes very good care of them.
People cannot see the snow leopards yet.
They are in a private den with their mother.
People must wait a few months.
Snow leopards are an endangered species.
This happens near Frankfurt.
Frankfurt is in Germany.
A man comes to a cinema.
He has a gun and a mask.
He takes hostages.
Police come to the cinema.
They shoot the man.
We do not know his name.
We do not know his motive.
The other people are fine.
The UK is in the European Union.
Some people want to leave the EU.
Some people want to stay.
There is a referendum on this.
There are 64 million people in the UK.
5 million vote.
1 people want to stay in the EU.
3 want to leave the EU.
The vote shows that more people want to leave.
The BMW Group celebrates its 100th anniversary.
It shows people two cars, a Rolls-Royce and a MINI.
These cars are the cars of the future.
You cannot buy them now.
You can buy them in 2040.
The cars are electric.
They have batteries.
They are good for the planet.
They are self-driving.
You can just sit and relax.
You tell the car where to go.
This news is from Bavaria.
Bavaria is a state in southern Germany.
People build a bridge.
A part of it falls down.
The piece is 40 metres long.
It falls 20 metres.
This happens when there are workers on the bridge.
One worker dies.
The bridge injures twelve workers.
Ambulances come to the site.
There are four helicopters, too.
They transport the people to hospital.
Disney opens a theme park in Shanghai, China.
It has a grand opening ceremony.
Many people come.
Disneyland is a big investment.
China is becoming a better and better place for investment.
This is good for China and America, too.
There are 330 million people at the theme park.
These people have enough money to go to the park.
These 330 million people can get there in 3 hours.
The Euro 2016 is taking place in France.
Thousands of football fans come to the country.
Some fans make problems.
They fight in Lille.
Lille is in northern France.
Supporters of England and Russia fight.
Thousands of extra police officers come.
They try to keep people under control.
People limit the sales of alcohol before the matches.
There is not enough food in Venezuela.
People are hungry.
They wait in long lines.
When they get to the end, sometimes there is no food left.
Some people riot and steal.
There is oil in Venezuela.
People sell it and make money.
They use this money to buy food.
However, oil is very cheap.
There is no money for food.
People must buy at the black market.
Some things are 10 times more expensive there.
In May, there are 641 protests.
160 of them are about food.
The protests are a problem for the government.
A man goes into a gay night club.
He kills 49 people.
He injures fifty-three people.
This happens in Orlando, Florida.
People interview the man’s father.
He says that his son is very anti-gay.
He says that his son is not radicalised.
However, the shooter says that he supports the Islamic State.
He says this when he is shooting.
Police attack the club.
They shoot and kill the man.
A fighter jet crashes outside Moscow.
It is an SU-27 fighter jet.
It is not carrying any weapons.
The pilot dies.
He does not have time to leave.
He flies the jet away from people.
People are investigating this.
They think it is something technical.
They will stop flying all fighter jets of this same type.
An octopus predicts the outcome of 8 matches in the 2010 World Cup.
Now, there are two new animals.
They predict the future, too.
They are in a zoo in Germany.
One is a koala and the other one is a sea lion.
The sea lion predicts that Germany plays with Ukraine.
The koala predicts that Ukraine wins.
Kennedy is an American president.
He is the 35th President of the USA.
He has a mistress.
He writes her a love letter.
This happens in October, 1963.
One month later, Kennedy dies.
He is shot by a man.
Now, you can buy his love letter.
We know that it is real.
We know Kennedy’s handwriting.
It is on a White House paper, and it comes from Kennedy’s secretary, too.
It goes on auction on June 23.
It is at least 30,000 dollars.
Many people are interested in it.
We do not know the final price.
It can be very high.
There is an artist there.
His name is Banksy.
He makes street art.
Some people like his art.
Some people do not like it.
Banksy paints a picture on the wall of a school.
It is 14 feet long.
It shows a child.
The child runs after a burning tyre.
He also writes a letter.
He says thank you to the students who named a part of the school after him.
He says that they should paint on the wall, too.
But the teachers say no.
The teachers want to save the picture.
This news is from Lyon, France.
The Euro tournament is in Lyon.
20,000 people come to Lyon.
Leaders there want everyone to be ready for a terrorist attack.
People make an app to give information.
The app tells you if there is an attack.
It also tells you if an attack is coming.
You can find information about different areas of the city.
People also practice for terrorist attacks.
They run from a gunman and fall to the ground.
They know what to do if a gunman actually comes.
This news is from a safari park in Singapore.
The safari has elephants.
One elephant gives birth to a female calf.
This is the first time in 6 years.
The baby elephant is learning how to be an elephant.
She eats adult food.
She goes on walks with her mother.
She loves to take baths.
People do not have a name for the baby elephant now.
The safari will show her to people later this month.
A little boy throws rocks at things.
His parents are not happy.
They want to show him that he did something bad.
The family drives by a forest.
His parents tell the boy to get out of the car.
They tell him to stand on the side of the road.
They drive away without him.
Later, his parents come back, but he is gone.
Many people look for him.
They look for a week.
Finally, people find him at a military hut.
Cassius Clay is an African-American man.
He is 22 years old.
He wins an important match.
It makes him the heavyweight champion of the world.
At this time, he changes his name to Muhammed Ali.
He fights for many things.
He lives in America during segregation.
He fights for equality for African Americans.
He also fights against war.
Over many years, Muhammed Ali wins many boxing matches.
He is very famous.
Sadly, his boxing matches injure his head.
He starts helping people instead.
Muhammed Ali dies recently.
He is 74 years old.
People remember him.
This happens in Turkey.
Students are on a bus.
They travel home from a weekend trip from a national park.
Their bus hits another car.
The bus falls into a canal.
The fall kills 14 people.
The fall injures 26 people.
Many people come to watch the bus in the canal.
Doctors and other people work through the night to help the people on the bus.
Finally, they pull the bus out of the canal.
It is unclear how many people are on the bus.
This news is about bad weather in Europe.
It rains a lot in France.
Some areas get a lot of rain.
6 weeks’ worth of rain fall in just 24 hours.
Many villages are underwater.
People evacuate, including a prison.
People call for emergency services 4,500 times.
There are more than floods.
Lighting hits 11 people in a park in Paris.
Most of them are children.
Lighting kills a man in Poland.
This news is about currency.
People have coins and notes.
Coins are small and metal.
Notes or banknotes are bigger.
They are made of paper.
Some countries have plastic banknotes, such as Canada and Australia.
England wants plastic money, too.
Plastic money is cleaner and safer than paper money.
England makes a five-pound note.
They make 440 million copies of it.
It goes into circulation in September.
Sir Winston Churchill is on the note.
In 2017, there will be a ten-pound note.
Jane Austen will be on it.
She is a writer.
In 2020, there will be a twenty-pound note.
Turner will be on it.
He is a painter.
Switzerland and a lot of Europe are celebrating.
People open a new rail tunnel.
It is 56 kilometres long.
It gets as deep as 2.3 kilometres under the ground.
This is the longest and deepest rail tunnel in the world.
The tunnel makes travelling much faster.
You can travel from Zurich to Milan.
The journey is 3 hours faster.
People build the tunnel for 17 years.
They finish it on time.
It costs them 12 billion dollars.
Nine workers die.
Elon Musk is a billionaire.
He has a company called SpaceX.
SpaceX makes rockets.
These rockets can come back to Earth.
The third SpaceX rocket lands.
It lands on a drone ship.
The ship is in the middle of the ocean.
A camera films the descent.
The rocket is 70 metres tall.
It carries to space a telecommunications satellite.
It takes only 9 minutes to get back.
This news is about female triplets.
They are from Estonia.
All three do sports.
They are going to Rio this summer.
They will run in the marathon.
They will be the first triplets at the Olympics.
The sisters are born moments after each other.
The oldest one is also the fastest, and the youngest one is the slowest.
The sisters say that Kenyan and Ethiopian runners are very good.
They are not as good as them.
They might be as good as them in 2 or 3 years.
Henry Heimlich is a doctor.
He invents the Heimlich Manoeuvre.
This manoeuvre helps people who are choking.
The Heimlich Manoeuvre works very well.
People all over the world use it.
However, doctor Heimlich never tries it.
He is 96 years old now.
He lives in a senior centre in Ohio.
A friend starts to choke.
He uses the manoeuvre.
He saves the woman’s life.
He says that it is a great feeling.
This news is from Germany.
A politician is at a meeting.
It is her party’s meeting.
A young man comes up to her.
He hits her in the face with a pie.
Refugees are coming to Germany.
The politician wants to limit the number of the refugees.
Maybe, the man hits her with the pie because of this.
Swaziland is a country in the south of Africa.
It is very dry there.
This is dangerous for elephants.
People move 17 elephants to the USA.
One of the elephants is pregnant.
The baby is born at the Dallas Zoo this month.
He is 91 centimetres tall.
He is 79 kilograms heavy.
The zoo releases a video of the baby elephant.
People want to see the baby.
They must wait.
He must spend some time with his mother.
Women in the UK can have abortions.
Women in Northern Ireland cannot.
Northern Ireland has a strict abortion law.
Women cannot have legal abortions there.
They can become criminals if they do.
Some women from Ireland travel to England.
They have legal abortions.
Some women from Ireland cannot travel.
They do not have the money.
This situation makes some Irish women angry.
They want the UK’s law.
They organise a group and they protest.
A supermarket in South Korea sells a new product.
It is a special type of ice-cream.
It can help you with a hangover.
Eat this ice-cream.
It can make you feel better.
A man tries the ice-cream.
He likes the grapefruit flavour.
Drinking alcohol is popular in South Korea.
It is a big business there.
People often drink with other people from work.
Hangover cures are big business too.
The cures make 86 million pounds a year.
You can buy anti-hangover pills, drinks, soup, cosmetics and now ice-cream.
This news is from New South Wales in Australia.
More than 100,000 bats come to a town.
The bats make everything dirty.
They cause power outages.
Tourists do not want to visit the town.
The government wants to help the people there.
The bats must not be killed.
The bats are protected by laws.
People cut down trees to make them go away.
They also use smoke and noise.
This news is about a young woman.
She is driving.
She is going too fast.
The police stop her.
She has another problem.
She has no driving license or insurance.
The woman does another bad thing.
She drives into a police car.
She injures three people.
Two of them are policemen.
One of them is the girl’s mother.
The girl’s mother is in the car with her.
The young woman is in trouble now.
She can go to prison for up to 43 years.
A man walks to the White House in the USA.
He is in his mid-20s.
He is not trying to hide it.
People can see it easily.
Police officers come.
They wound him critically.
The White House locks down.
Police stop traffic.
Police check the cars.
All of this is like from a Hollywood movie.
President Obama is not in the White House when this happens.
Vice-president Joe Biden is.
We do not know about the President’s family.
This news is about the Egyptian Airlines flight MS804.
It crashes into the Mediterranean Sea last Thursday.
There are 66 people on the plane.
People look for the remains.
The search area is in the north of Egypt.
People find clothing, seat belts, bags, and even body parts.
People are still looking for the black box system.
This system holds information about the flight.
It can tell us a lot.
No terror group takes responsibility.
Some Egyptians believe that the crash is an act of God.
People think that pigeons are not beautiful.
Many New Yorkers do not like them.
They call them rats with wings.
One man wants to change people’s opinions.
He trains 2,000 pigeons.
He puts a light on each pigeon.
The pigeons fly in the air.
This is a beautiful show.
People come to watch.
They can watch the show every weekend evening until June 12th.
The show takes place in Brooklyn, New York.
There is a battle in London.
It happens near Tower Bridge.
125 men are in the battle.
Many of them are professionals.
The battle promotes a game.
Its name is Clash of Kings.
You can play the game on iOS and Android devices.
It is a strategy game.
The battle surprises people.
It is something special.
This news is about a couple.
They are from India.
They cannot have a baby.
The couple is in their 70’s.
They want to have a baby.
They go see a doctor.
They ask him for help.
The doctor runs some tests.
The tests show that the woman is fit and healthy.
The woman has 3 years of fertility treatment.
After 3 years, she has a baby.
She is the oldest mother ever.
This news is from the Philippines.
Rodrigo Duterte wins the presidential election.
6 million votes.
The second best man gets 9.5 million votes.
Duterte is born in 1945.
His family has political links.
He trains as a lawyer.
He becomes a vice mayor of Davao.
Later, he becomes the mayor.
He reduces crime and corruption.
People like him for this.
Not everybody likes him, however.
People criticise his comments.
One thing he says is bad things about the Pope.
This news is from Ecuador.
An earthquake hits in April.
It kills 650 people.
29,000 Ecuadoreans are homeless.
The earthquake damages the infrastructure.
Two more earthquakes hit this month.
They are not as bad, however.
Only one person dies.
Someone films the streets when the earthquakes hit.
People are scared.
They run in the streets.
This news is from southern Chile.
Something bad happens there.
The seawater turns red.
People call this red tide.
It makes the seafood toxic.
People are not sure why this happens.
It can be El Nino.
Some people say that it is because of salmon farming.
The government says that this is not the reason.
Fishing is very important in southern Chile.
The fishermen there are in trouble.
They ask the government for help.
A woman comes to work.
She wears flat shoes.
Her bosses do not like that.
They want high heels.
They fire the woman.
She is very upset.
She starts a petition.
30,000 people sign the petition.
The Chinese President Xi Jingping visits the United Kingdom.
The visit is successful.
However, the Queen talks to someone.
This is a private conversation.
Someone films it.
They talk about the visit.
The Queen says that the Chinese are very rude.
This comes just hours after another gaffe.
Prime Minister David Cameron talks to the Queen.
He says that Afghanistan and Nigeria are fantastically corrupt.
Hyperloop could be the future of transportation.
People test its prototype.
They test it in the Nevada desert.
The test is successful.
It goes from 0 to 187 kilometres per hour in one second.
That is very fast.
The real Hyperloop can be even faster.
It can be as fast as the speed of sound.
The journey in California from San Francisco to Los Angeles could take just 30 minutes.
Hyperloop will use special tubes.
Air will slow down the things that move.
There is almost no air in the tubes.
London has a new mayor.
He is a son of a bus driver.
He is a former lawyer.
He is a popular winner.
He is the first Muslim mayor of London.
His name is Sadiq Khan.
Khan gives a speech.
Another mayoral candidate stands nearby.
He turns his back on Khan.
He protests the speech.
He is a former neo-Nazi.
He does not want a Muslim mayor.
There is a bar in London.
It is open for only one day.
It is a special bar.
Dogs bring you beer.
The dogs carry a small barrel.
Somebody puts a bottle inside the barrel.
The dog comes to you.
You open the barrel and take the bottle.
A plane is in the air.
It is flying from the United Arab Emirates to Jakarta.
Turbulence hits the plane.
It scares the people.
The plane moves from side to side.
The people cry and pray.
The turbulence injures thirty people.
Some of them have broken bones.
The plane gets to Jakarta.
It lands there safely.
People check the plane.
Nine people from the plane are still in hospital.
This news is from a zoo in England.
Keepers see that there is something wrong with one of the elephants.
It is not eating well.
They ask a dentist for help.
He makes the elephant go to sleep.
He looks inside its mouth.
One tooth is in the wrong position.
It is not moving right.
A part of it is breaking off.
There is an infection around the tooth, too.
The dentist takes the tooth out.
The elephant is better now.
Republicans are a group in politics in the USA.
Ted Cruz, John Kasich, and Donald Trump are Republicans.
They want to be the next president of the USA.
The Republican Party must choose one presidential candidate.
Trump is doing better than Cruz and Kasich.
Cruz and Kasich stop their campaigns.
Trump becomes the candidate if they stop their campaigns completely.
People are not happy about this.
They do not want Trump to be the candidate.
They leave the Republican Party.
They burn their Republican Party membership cards.
May 4th is Star Wars Day.
It becomes Star Wars day because of the saying, May the 4th be with you.
People celebrate this day.
They put videos and images on social media.
Michelle and Barack Obama celebrate, too.
Storm troopers and R2-D2 come to the White House.
They all have fun and dance together.
This news is about a planet.
It passes between Earth and the Sun.
This happens on Monday.
You can see it from the Americas, Europe, Africa, and Asia.
You can watch it for 7 hours.
Mercury is in front of the Sun.
It looks like a small black circle.
It does not cover the Sun.
You must be careful.
You have to protect your eyes when you look.
The Sun can hurt your eyes.
Looking into the Sun is dangerous.
Mercury passes between Earth and the Sun 13 times every century.
It passes again on November 11th, 2019.
This news is from Alberta.
Alberta is a Canadian province.
There is a fire.
It spreads close to a city.
80,000 people must leave.
Some people cannot take their things.
They lose everything.
The fire stretches for 6,540 acres.
Firefighters try to stop the fire.
More firefighters are coming to help.
The actor Orland Bloom goes from Hollywood to Ukraine.
He goes to Ukraine for Unicef.
Unicef is an organisation.
It helps people with health and education.
Orlando Bloom is the first celebrity to go with Unicef.
300,000 children in eastern Ukraine need help with education.
Orlando Bloom has a child.
He visits a classroom.
Bombs hit this classroom.
The children were there when the bombs hit.
He speaks with the children.
He thinks about his child.
This news is about ivory.
Ivory is a material.
It comes from an elephant’s tusks.
It is an expensive material.
People kill elephants to get it and sell it.
Kenya wants to stop the elephant killing.
It confiscates 100 tons of ivory.
100 tons of ivory comes from around 7,000 elephants.
Kenya burns the ivory.
The Kenyan president sets the ivory on fire.
He also talks about the problem.
He says that he wants to stop the ivory market.
People come to the burning event.
There are presidents of other African countries.
Not all presidents come, however.
Some people say that it is not good to burn ivory.
When there is less ivory, the price can go up.
There can be more elephant killing, not less.
There is a competition in England.
Ten drivers take part in it.
They must go fast and jump over eight old cars.
People can be injured.
Doctors are at the competition to help.
A window cleaner wins the competition.
He drives an old Ford Mondeo.
He wins 50 pounds.
He also wins respect from the other competitors.
He probably also wins some beer from his friends.
This news is from Paris.
A car crashes into a shop.
It is a 4×4 car.
Thieves get out of the car.
They go into the shop.
They steal things.
They take purses.
The purses cost thousands of pounds.
The thieves set the car on fire.
They drive away on scooters.
Police have the car.
This is not the first robbery like this in Paris.
This happens in London, too.
This news is about Princess Charlotte.
Her parents are the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge.
People also call them William and Kate.
People see Charlotte at her christening.
There are also a few photos.
Kate takes four new pictures.
She releases the pictures.
Princess Charlotte is now one year old.
A woman is in hospital.
She is giving birth.
Doctors give her an injection.
The injection makes her feel no pain.
The mother gives birth.
Five hours later, she cannot feel her legs.
She asks the doctors, but they say that it is fine.
The next day, it is the same.
She cannot feel her legs.
The doctors start to panic.
They operate on her.
The woman has a clot in her body.
It presses on her spinal cord.
The woman cannot walk now.
She feels very bad.
This news is from Bangkok.
Bangkok is the capital of Thailand.
There is a theme park in Bangkok.
A cabin on the Ferris wheel gets on fire.
Luckily, nobody is in the cabin.
Nobody is injured.
People bring the fire under control within 20 minutes.
People are investigating the incident.
This news is about beer.
A brewery in Jerusalem brews a very special beer.
This beer is 2,000 years old.
It is a beer from Jesus’ time.
However, the beer is not very good.
Jesus turns water into wine, not beer.
This is perhaps the reason.
If you want to try this beer, you are out of luck.
People at the brewery produce only 20 litres.
They drink all of it.
They are not planning to brew any more.
150 people go to La Paz.
La Paz is the capital of Bolivia.
The people protest in front of the presidential palace.
Police stop them.
The people try to break through a gate.
Police use pepper spray and tear gas on them.
These people are disabled.
They want money from the government.
They get just under 100 pounds a year.
They want 50 pounds a month.
The government does not give them the money.
The government says that it is too much.
However, it will talk to them about it.
