08-12-2023 07:00.
China has new rules for travelers.
They start on December 1.
These rules should help tourism.
Officials will make travel easier.
People from some countries do not need visas anymore.
Officials will change the rules if it is necessary.
In the first three days of December, 7,000 visitors from France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Spain, and Malaysia come to China.
Daily tourist numbers from these places go up by 39% compared to the end of November.
This helps China’s tourism after COVID-19.
The government wants to improve its global image.
Many people have negative views of China.
The new rule is good news for Germany.
China says that the rules will change for more EU countries in the future.
Difficult words: visa (an official document which says that you can enter a country), necessary (something what you need to do), improve (to make something better).
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
08-12-2022 15:00.
Two NASA astronauts go for a spacewalk.
A spacewalk is work outside the spaceship.
They spend more than 7 hours in open space.
The astronauts travel to the International Space Station in November 2022.
Their job is to fix the station’s solar panels.
The astronauts put in new panels.
These panels will grow the station’s power by a lot.
Astronauts will put in six new sets of solar panels.
The panels will make 215 kilowatts of power.
The International Space Station needs more power for its operations and research.
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
07-12-2023 15:00.
Indonesia is the 5th biggest producer of tobacco.
Children younger than 15 must not work in Indonesia.
It is illegal.
However, around 1.
5 children work in agriculture.
Thousands work on tobacco plantations.
Many have “green tobacco sickness”.
They get weak.
They get headaches.
They cannot go to school.
They help their families make money.
They make only one dollar a day.
Human rights groups are trying to change this.
They talk to big Indonesian tobacco companies.
Difficult words: agriculture (farming), plantation (a big farm that grows a plant that makes money like coffee or tobacco), weak (not strong).
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
07-12-2023 07:00.
There is a referendum in Venezuela.
President Nicolas Maduro supports this referendum.
It is about a territory in Guyana.
The Essequibo River territory is near the border with Venezuela.
Some people believe that there is oil in the ground.
Venezuela wants this area.
The International Court of Justice does not say no to the referendum.
But the court asks both countries not to make the problem even worse.
Maduro wants to see if people like his government.
People will choose a new president in 2024.
Guyana does not agree with the referendum.
Maduro asks people to say yes to the referendum.
Many people hope to get back land which, they think belongs, to them.
Difficult words: referendum (when people vote about a specific problem), territory (a piece of land),  border (the line between two countries).
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
06-12-2023 15:00.
Arnold Schwarzenegger is on safari in South Africa.
He is in a car.
The car is not moving.
An elephant comes close to the car.
It moves around the car slowly.
The car starts to move.
The elephant starts to run behind the car.
This is a little scary.
Schwarzenegger films this.
He shares the video with his 5.
4 million followers on Instagram.
He says that people should not kill elephants.
Difficult words: share (to show or give something to other people), follower (when a person watches somebody on Instagram, Twitter, or Facebook), should not (it is good not to do it).
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
06-12-2023 07:00.
Israeli soldiers find 800 holes in Gaza.
These holes lead to tunnels.
Israel destroys more than half of the holes.
Hamas, a group in Gaza, says that they have many tunnels.
The network is as big as the New York subway.
It is a place where they can hide.
They do special things there, too.
Israel bombs these tunnels.
The problem is that these tunnels are often in places where people live, like schools and religious places.
The soldiers used special things to destroy the tunnels, for example, robots.
The world worries about people who live in Gaza.
The United States tells Israel to be careful.
Many people die in these attacks.
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
05-12-2023 15:00.
Tesla makes a special truck, Cybertruck.
In 2019, Elon Musk says that the truck will cost 40,000 dollars.
But now, the truck costs 60,990 dollars.
It is 50% more.
The truck looks different.
It is from shiny steel.
Elon Musk says that Cybertruck is better than other trucks.
But some people think that it costs too much.
Other companies, like Ford and Rivian, have similar trucks.
Tesla’s business depends on this new truck.
Tesla hopes that many people will buy it.
It can be interesting for rich people who want to have something special.
Musk is the boss of Tesla.
He says that it can take a year or more to make a lot of money from it.
Difficult words: steal (a hard grey material), depend (to change when something else changes), rich (when someone has a lot of money).
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
05-12-2023 07:00.
South Korean government wants to stop dog farming.
Farmers are not happy.
They say that keeping dogs for meat is the same as keeping cows or pigs for meat.
Stopping this would hurt farmers and people who eat meat.
But things are changing.
Many South Koreans do not like eating dog meat anymore.
Some people in South Korea are Budhists.
They do not want to eat any animals.
More South Koreans care about animals now.
They do not agree with big animal farms.
It is not an easy situation for the government.
People on both sides feel strongly about this issue.
Difficult words: dog farming (raising dogs on farms for food), issue (an important topic or problem).
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
04-12-2023 15:00.
A special plane from Virgin Atlantic flies from London to New York.
Why is it special? Because it uses a different kind of fuel.
This fuel is called sustainable aviation fuel (SAF).
It does not use petroleum.
This fuel is better for the natural world.
The plane carries only a few people.
One of them is Richard Branson, the boss of Virgin Atlantic.
The flight shows how planes can use fuel which makes less emissions.
But this special fuel is more expensive.
Also, it is not easy to produce a lot of it.
Most planes still use the usual fuel.
Richard Branson thinks that it will take some time before many planes can use this special fuel.
Airplanes make the air dirty.
The people who make planes want to find better ways to make them and use them.
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
04-12-2023 07:00.
In the US, a 12-year-old finds keys from a forklift truck.
This is a truck for transporting heavy things.
The truck is in a middle school in Michigan.
The boy steals the truck.
He drives away.
Police chase the boy.
They try to stop him.
It is a dangerous situation.
The boy is driving without headlights.
He is driving at a speed of up to 30 kph.
He hits ten parked cars.
After one hour, the police stop the boy.
Luckily, nobody is hurt.
The police do not say who the boy is.
They take him to a special place for young people who do something wrong.
Difficult words: transport (to take something from one place to another), headlight (the light at the front of a car), speed (how fast something is).
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
02-12-2023 12:00.
We have a special project for you.
We write short stories about famous days.
The stories are in three levels.
You can learn English at your level when you read these stories.
Level 1 is easy.
It is for beginners.
Level 2 is for pre-intermediate students.
Level 3 is for intermediate students.
You can read the stories at www.
daysinlevels.
com.
Do you like this project?.
What can we do better?.
What are your famous days?.
Please, write your answers in the Comments section.
Thank you for your help.
Have a nice day,.
News in Levels team.
01-12-2023 15:00.
During the 2024 Olympics, Paris metro tickets will cost more.
They will cost almost twice as much money as they do now.
Parisians with passes will not pay extra.
But visitors will pay a fair price, officials say.
A new pass, the Paris 2024 pass, will cost 16 euros per day and up to 70 euros per week for visitors.
The president wants to make sure residents do not pay more.
The mayor is worried about transport, but the president says that Paris is ready.
It is important for Parisians not to have problems with public transport during the Games.
The president thinks that visitors should pay for public services, not Parisians.
Difficult words: pass (a ticket or card whose holder can use a service), mayor (the boss of a city or town), public transport (busses, metro, trains, and so on).
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
05-12-2022 15:00.
The large olive snakes live in the sea near Australia.
The snake is more than two meters long.
It is a venomous snake.
Venomous means that if the snake bites someone, the person can die.
Now it is the snake’s breeding season.
The snakes become very active.
They look for a mate.
The snakes mistake divers for their mates.
They follow the divers.
They curl around their feet.
They attack the cameras.
It is very dangerous.
The snakes can attack divers at any time.
The large olive snake is a reptile.
Reptiles are cold-blooded animals like a snake, lizard, or crocodile.
These animals lay eggs on the land near the sea.
The olive snake breathes air.
It still spends all its life in the sea.
Difficult words: breeding season (the time when an animal wants to make babies), mate (a sexual partner), mistake (to think that a person or thing is somebody or something else).
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
28-11-2023 07:00.
A big fire happens in Reading, UK.
A building at the Station Hill place is in flames.
A worker gets stuck up high.
He cannot get away.
Glen Edwards is a 65-year-old crane operator.
He slowly moves a cage to help the man.
It takes some time to put the cage in the right place.
People are watching the rescue from the ground.
They are scared as the fire gets closer.
Finally, the worker gets in the cage.
Edwards takes him down safely.
People clap for Glen Edwards.
Even the fire service people say that Edwards is a hero.
Two people must go to the hospital for breathing smoke.
No one else gets hurt.
Difficult words: stuck (not able to move), crane (a tall machine which workers use for moving heavy things), hero (a brave person).
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
27-11-2023 15:00.
Yemen Houthi rebels show a video.
In the video, they drop from a helicopter.
They seize a big Israeli ship in the Red Sea.
The rebels say that they will attack Israeli ships.
They will do it until Gaza fighting stops.
Israel does not agree with the act.
They say that the ship is British.
A Japanese company operates it.
Israel says that this is terrorism.
Japan confirms that the rebels take the ship.
Japan needs help.
Ray Car Carriers is the company which owns the ship.
It has ties to an Israeli businessperson.
Difficult words: seize (to take something by force), terrorism (when someone hurts many people because they have different ideas and beliefs), tie (a link).
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
27-11-2023 07:00.
Shizuoka Distillery is in Shizuoka City, Japan.
The company makes whisky.
They use cedar from a nearby forest.
Japanese whisky is becoming popular around the world.
This year is 100 years of making whisky in Japan.
There are more than 100 distilleries now, twice as many as ten years ago.
Shizuoka’s cedar fire makes it special.
Whisky making in Japan becomes famous after 2008.
In 2015, there is not enough whisky for all people and companies who want it.
This makes prices very high.
Big companies like Suntory and Nikka are expanding.
There are new companies making whisky, too.
Some people worry that this will be bad for the quality of Japanese whisky.
Difficult words: distillery (a place where people make alcoholic drinks), cedar (a kind of tree), expand (to become bigger or larger).
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
24-11-2023 15:00.
Winter is coming.
It is getting colder each day.
This is a big problem for Afghan refugees in Pakistan.
Pakistan does not want these people there.
Officials make them leave.
But these people have nowhere to go.
They have no things with them.
Women and children stay in open tents.
They need help.
They need food and medicine.
They lose everything in Pakistan.
They cannot start a new life without help.
The world needs to help people without a home.
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
24-11-2023 07:00.
Argentina has a new president.
People vote for Javier Milei.
It will bring many changes to the country.
Milei plans to solve big economic problems.
He wants to close the central bank, change Argentina’s money, and spend less.
Supporters celebrate.
They see Milei as hope for a better future.
Many people in Argentina have no money and debts.
The prices of things are very high.
But some people worry about Milei’s new ideas.
It will be a big change in Argentina’s politics.
Milei’s plans will have an impact on business and relationships with other countries.
People hope that Milei will make Argentina better.
Difficult words: supporter (a person who likes someone), debt (money which you owe to someone), relationship (how two or more people or groups behave towards each other).
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
23-11-2023 15:00.
This news is from Australia.
A hot air balloon is in the air.
There are 9 people in the box below the balloon.
The balloon
is running low on fuel.
It cannot land normally.
The people are afraid.
They think that the balloon will fall into the water.
Luckily, there is a boat.
It sees the balloon and helps.
The balloon goes close to the boat.
The passengers move to the boat.
All of them are safe.
Only the pilot stays on the balloon.
The balloon is light now.
The pilot flies to a beach.
He lands safely on the beach.
No one is hurt.
People say that the pilot is very good.
Difficult words: fuel (things that make energy), land (get to the ground safely), hurt (if you are hurt, you have problems with the body).
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
23-11-2023 07:00.
Singer Taylor Swift postpones her Rio de Janeiro concert.
It is too hot.
There is a concert on Friday.
Ana Clara Benevides is at the concert.
She is 23 years old.
She starts to feel sick.
She must go to hospital.
She dies.
The reason is the heat.
Swift says that fans, crew, and performers must be safe.
The temperature in Rio is 59.
7 degrees Celsius.
Swift’s full concert has 60,000 people.
Organizers move the Saturday show to Monday.
Fans are waiting in the heat.
They are sad when they hear about the change.
Swift stops singing on Friday to help fans who are not feeling well.
Authorities say that there must be water for all people at Swift’s concerts.
Difficult words: postpone (to move to a later time or date), crew (a group of people who work together), organizer (a person who arranges an event or activity).
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
22-11-2023 15:00.
Robots are part of our lives.
In the future, there will be more robots.
We will have self-driving cars soon.
In the next 20 or 30 years, there will be robots in our homes.
They will look like us.
They will help us.
People are very interested in robots.
However, robots also scare people.
This is natural and human.
Difficult words: will (this means “in the future”), self-driving (driving without a human driver).
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
22-11-2023 07:00.
SpaceX has a big rocket called Starship.
One day, this rocket will travel to the moon and other planets.
Last week, Starship takes off from Texas.
SpaceX plans a flight that will last 90 minutes.
After that, the rocket will land in Hawaii.
But things go wrong.
The rocket flies for only 2.
5 minutes.
Then it explodes.
SpaceX loses signal with it.
This is the second test.
Another rocket explodes in April.
SpaceX believes that these tests help make Starship better.
The company has a 4-billion deal with NASA for moon missions.
The company also plans to send people to Mars one day.
Difficult words: flight (the time when something flies), signal (a message which people use to communicate with each other).
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
21-11-2023 15:00.
Kenya’s biggest landfill is called Dandora.
It is in Nairobi.
It is one of the biggest landfills in the world.
Dandora is full of throwaway plastics.
People use most of these plastics only once.
Then they throw it away.
Kenya is trying hard to be cleaner.
Kenya wants a strict global rule on plastics.
Countries are talking about it now.
In 2017, Kenya makes tough laws about plastic bags.
People can go to jail or pay a lot of money if they use plastic bags.
Now, a new law says that companies must handle their products’ waste, not consumers.
A Kenyan milk company changes its bottles to clear ones.
It is easier to recycle these bottles.
People like this change.
It shows that Kenyans care more about this problem than before.
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
21-11-2023 07:00.
In 2015, there is a merger with Samsung.
The deal is worth 8 billion dollars.
Jay Y.
Lee is the boss of Samsung.
Some people say that he makes mistakes during the merger.
He breaks the rules.
He uses his power for his good.
Lee says that this is not true.
He explains that it is just normal management.
He follows clear rules.
Prosecutors want five years in jail for Lee.
The defense says that the judge does not care about some things.
106 minority shareholders speak in the case.
The judge ignores what they say.
The trial lasts for three years already.
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
20-11-2023 15:00.
Renault wants their electric cars to do well.
They think that their electric car Ampere will make a lot of money.
They want to make 10 billion euros in 2025 and 25 billion euros in 2031.
Renault plans to sell parts of the company in 2024.
But it is a bit hard.
Not many people want electric cars now.
Also, there is strong competition from China.
The boss Luca de Meo says that Renault has enough money for Ampere.
But selling parts of the company will help them grow faster.
Renault also makes a new electric car Twingo Legend.
This car is cheaper than the other electric cars.
Renault wants to compete with cheap Chinese cars.
Difficult words: compete (to want to be better than somebody else), competition (the activity when someone is trying to be better than the others).
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
20-11-2023 07:00.
Workers are building in a tunnel in India.
The tunnel is in the Himalayan region.
Some people are angry.
The project will hurt the area.
The tunnel falls.
40 workers are inside.
It is hard to rescue them.
Rescuers need to clear 50 meters of stuff.
They already clear 20 meters.
They want to make a long hole to get inside.
But it is not easy.
The workers get air and food through pipes.
Some feel sick, but they have medicine.
The tunnel is part of a big road project.
But it brings many problems.
Officials are checking the accident.
Difficult words: rescue (to make someone safe again), pipe (a long, narrow tube), accident (an event which hurts someone).
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
18-11-2023 12:00.
Hello students,.
Do you know how to learn English? There is technology which can help you learn English.
You can read about this technology in a book.
The name of the book is How to Learn English.
You can read this book now.
You can read the book here.
Good luck.
Have a nice day,.
News in Levels team.
17-11-2023 15:00.
Lake Titicaca is the biggest lake in the Andes.
It is in trouble.
Less rain and higher temperatures mean that the lake is drying up.
Farmers have no water for their fields.
Animals do not have enough water to drink.
The lake is full of water for hundreds of years.
But now, its dry parts are a problem.
This hurts the wildlife.
The lake is important for millions of people.
The weather is strange because of climate change.
People cannot use boats.
They walk on dry parts of the lake.
If there is no water, people and animals do not have enough food and drink.
Experts say that climate change is causing these problems.
Unusual weather is becoming a normal thing.
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
17-11-2023 07:00.
A lion escapes from a circus.
It happens in a town near Rome, Italy.
People must stay home.
Police and circus workers try to catch the lion.
Rony Vassallo looks after all circus animals.
He says that the lion is not dangerous.
The animal’s name is Kimba.
After several hours, the police catch Kimba.
They sedate the animal.
The mayor wants to stop using animals in circuses.
Animal groups say that using animals in circuses is not safe.
Also, animals are not happy there.
In Italy, it is still possible to use animals in circuses.
Many people want this to stop.
Difficult words: escape (to get away from a place where you do not want to be), sedate (to give someone a drug to make them calm or fall asleep), mayor (the boss of a city or town).
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
16-11-2023 15:00.
A café opens in Los Angeles.
It is a dog café.
There are dogs in the café.
You can have a cup of coffee.
You can play with the dogs.
All of the dogs are from shelters.
They have no homes.
You can adopt the dogs.
Dogs in some shelters are put to sleep.
The owner of the café does not like this.
She saves the dogs.
She helps the dogs and finds them new homes.
People like the café.
You pay 10 dollars to get one coffee and 55 minutes with the dogs.
Difficult words: shelter (a place where people put homeless dogs), put to sleep (to kill), owner (the person who owns – has something).
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
16-11-2023 07:00.
Robert Moritz is an expert on global trade.
He speaks about globalization.
Globalization is the process by which companies and organizations operate around the world, not only in a few countries.
Moritz says that globalization is not stopping but changing.
People are now trading more with nearby places or just one other country.
Regions like North America, Europe, and Asia are becoming closer and working together more.
Some people think that everything will break apart.
But these regions are trying hard to trade more with each other to help their economies grow.
Moritz believes that our world is always changing.
It is something what people cannot stop.
It seems that in the future, countries will trade more with their neighbors.
This is a good and normal thing.
Difficult words: global trade (when countries do business together), operate (to do business activities), economy (business activities of a country).
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
15-11-2023 15:00.
This news is about history.
There is a place in England.
It is near Cambridgeshire.
Archaeologists call it the British Pompeii.
It is an archaeological site.
It is full of interesting things.
These things are 3000 years old.
The things are well-preserved.
For example, archaeologists find a wheel.
This is the oldest wheel in Britain.
They also find bowls.
There are pieces of food in the bowls.
The experts say that this is amazing.
It is like steeping into somebody’s life or somebody’s home.
Difficult words: archaeologist (a person who studies human history), archaeological site (a place where you can find historical things), preserved (good, not broken).
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
15-11-2023 07:00.
Surgeons in New York do something really amazing.
They complete the first whole-eye transplant in a person.
The surgery lasts 21 hours.
It is a big success.
The person, Aaron James, still cannot see with his eye.
The new eye is not talking to the brain yet.
But the eye seems healthy.
The blood is going through the vessels.
Dr.
Eduardo Rodriguez is very excited about this historic step.
Doctors never think that this will be possible.
Aaron has an electrical accident at work.
A part of his face is hurt.
Scientists hope that this opens doors for future successful eye transplants.
Difficult words: transplant (to move something from one body to another), vessel (a structure through which blood travels in the body), historic (very special and important).
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
14-11-2023 15:00.
Spain’s socialists and the Catalan separatist Junts party make a deal.
The deal is about an amnesty.
An amnesty is a pardon for people in prison.
This amnesty is for people involved in Catalonia’s independence drive.
The new law is for events from 2012 to now, including a 2014 vote and a 2017 referendum.
The referendum is against the law.
Nine leaders go to prison for this.
But they get amnesty in 2021.
The law will not give any names of people.
Carles Puigdemont is Junts’ leader.
He is in Belgium.
Spanish authorities are fighting to bring him back to Spain.
He faces charges there.
The law will help around 1,500 people.
Difficult words: pardon (to excuse or forgive someone), involved (when someone is a part of something), referendum (when all people vote for a cause).
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
14-11-2023 07:00.
Japan has a new island.
The island is about 100 meters wide.
It is in the Ogasawara island chain.
A volcano under the sea near Iwoto Island makes the island.
The volcano erupts in October.
Big eruptions start.
These happen when magma meets water.
Professor Fukashi Maeno sees the island.
He is flying above the volcano.
Smoke and ash go up during the eruptions.
Similar things happen in 2021.
We do not know what will happen to the island.
It may get bigger or go away.
It sometimes happens that such islands go away.
Wind and water help this process.
Japan gains and loses islands sometimes.
Difficult words: eruption (sudden bursting out of materials from somewhere), magma (hot liquid rock), ash (grey powder).
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
13-11-2023 15:00.
Bunter Vanbleu lives in a little village by the sea in Belgium.
He uses a special horse to catch shrimp.
This way of fishing is very old and important for local people.
The people who do this live near the sea.
They see how things are changing because of climate change.
They do not catch as many shrimp as before.
But they find new kinds of fish.
They come from the Atlantic Ocean.
Some of them can be dangerous.
The sea is getting warmer.
This change means that the fishing season is not the same.
In the past, people stop fishing when the first snow comes in December.
But now, there is no snow.
Everything is different.
Difficult words: shrimp (a small sea animal which people eat), climate change (changing of the weather on our planet), season (the part of the year when people do something).
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
13-11-2023 07:00.
Four men get into trouble.
They steal a golden toilet from a palace in England.
The toilet has a price of almost 6 million dollars.
It is part of an art show in an old place called Blenheim Palace.
The men come early in the morning in 2019.
They use two cars.
The four men will go to court on November 28.
The special toilet is called America.
It is still missing, and nobody knows where it can be now.
Blenheim Palace, where Winston Churchill is born, is very sad when the toilet disappears.
Previously, the toilet is part of an art show in a big museum in New York.
Difficult words: missing (when nobody knows where something is), disappear (to get lost), previously (before).
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
11-11-2023 12:00.
Hello students, There is a website for you.
It is www.
speakinlevels.
com.
It is for students of English.
It is for speaking via Skype.
You can find people at your level of English.
You can find people from different countries.
You can choose to talk to men or women.
Are you afraid of new people? Don’t worry! With Speak in Levels, you can start easily.
There are tips on the website.
These tips can help you.
Speak in Levels can help your English.
Have a nice day,.
News in Levels team.
10-11-2023 15:00.
Doctors in Switzerland help a man with Parkinson’s walk better.
Marc Gauthier has Parkinson’s.
He cannot walk well.
But doctors help him.
They put an implant in his body.
He has something like tiny wires on his back and a little machine under his skin.
This machine sends messages to his legs to move.
Marc is happy now because he can leave his house and walk around.
Parkinson’s is a sickness that makes people shaky and stiff.
Doctors want to try this new thing on six more people next year.
They think it can make others feel better and walk like they used to.
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
10-11-2023 07:00.
In a talk on the radio, a person from Israel’s government says that Israel may use a big bomb on Gaza.
The leader of Israel, Benjamin Netanyahu, says that this is not true.
Israel does not want to hurt people who are not fighting.
This is a law among countries which fight with each other.
The first person later says that he is not serious about the bomb.
Right now, many bombs are falling on Gaza.
The Israeli army is getting ready to go into Gaza City.
The group called Hamas says that more than 10,000 people are dead.
The situation is getting worse.
Jordan sends help to the sick people in Gaza.
The US and others ask Israel to stop fighting for some time.
But Israel says no.
Difficult words: government (the people who make rules for a country), law (set of rules), serious (nor funny or joking).
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
09-11-2023 15:00.
This news is from Tasmania.
A woman sees a dead wombat on the road.
She goes up to it.
She sees that its pouch is moving.
There is a baby wombat inside!.
She helps the baby out of the pouch.
It is cold so she puts it in a towel.
Another woman takes care of the baby wombat.
She keeps it in her bra.
This keeps the baby warm.
Also, it feels like a pouch to the baby.
The baby spends three months in the bra.
Difficult words: wombat (an animal with a pouch which lives in Australia), pouch (a pocket on animals like wombats, kangaroos and koalas for carrying babies), take care (to help).
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
09-11-2023 07:00.
Every year, people are excited about Mark and Spencer’s Christmas ad.
But this year, some people are not happy with it.
M&S puts a picture on Instagram.
The picture shows Christmas party hats in the colors of the Palestinian flag.
The hats are burning.
M&S explains that it is just a funny picture from their TV ad.
They want to show that some people do not like paper Christmas hats.
They make the ad in August before the Israel-Gaza conflict starts.
M&S says that the hats are usual Christmas colors, like red, green, and silver.
They say sorry.
Some people are upset.
They do not like the picture, but others say that the picture is okay.
Difficult words: ad (a short spot which sells a product or service), flag (a colorful piece of cloth which represents a country), conflict (a fight).
You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.
